{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Berlin Sans FB;}{\f61\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f62\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f64\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f65\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f66\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f67\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f68\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f70\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f71\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\upr{\title   ? The Summit ?}{\*\ud\uc0{\title   {\uc1\u9650 ? The Summit \u9650 ?}}}}{\author Russ Robbins}{\operator Ben Ramsey}{\creatim\yr2004\mo2\dy28\hr10\min31}
{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy19\hr13\min55}{\version13}{\edmins26}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords459}{\nofchars2621}{\*\company International}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale140 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\b\f1\fs56\cf12   }{\f1\fs72\cf12 \u9650\'3f}{\b\f1\fs56\cf12  }{\f16\fs72\cf12 The Summit}{\b\f1\fs56\cf12  }{\f1\fs72\cf12 \u9650\'3f}{\f1\fs56 
\par }{\f1\fs28\cf12   _____________________________________
\par }{\b\f1\cf12   Inspired by and featuring the music of Patrick O'Hearn}{\f1\cf11 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf11 
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\i\f1 A Thief 2 Fan Mission created for Komag's 5th Small FM Contest
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28 Author: }{\b\f1\fs28\cf6 Yandros (Russ) (robbinsr@lexmark.com)}{\b\f1\fs28 
\par Release Date:  Feburary 29}{\b\f1\fs28\super th}{\b\f1\fs28 , 2004
\par Version: 1.0
\par }{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\cf9 So tall, silent against the sky
\par Up through the clouds, where eagles fly
\par Wind and rain beat down on one so strong
\par They cut but never change what stood so long
\par 
\par I am in the ground, I am in the air
\par I am all, I live in the hearts of men
\par I am the call to greatness not all can hear
\par I awaken the creator in those who dare
\par And the day will come when we all must die
\par And enter the mountainside
\par 
\par Tall as a mountain
\par I\rquote m gonna tear through the sky
\par Life\rquote s for the taking
\par Like a man is a mountainside
\par Greatness waits for those who try
\par What they teach you is all inside
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf9      \ldblquote Mountains\rdblquote  ~ Manowar
\par }{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs32\ul Hints and Tips:
\par }{\f1\fs32 
\par }{\b\i\f1 Master the use of your grappling hook.}{\b\f1 
\par }{\f1 Access it via arrow slot #8 (normally rope arrow).  It can be retrieved
\par and reused, just like a rope arrow.
\par }{\b\f1 Important:}{\f1   It will stick to any stone surface, but }{\b\f1 NOT}{\f1  to snow or ice
\par (which are too soft and too brittle, respectively).}{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1 Don't start at Everest (Expert) difficulty.}{\f1 
\par Although many FM players are in the habit of starting at Expert and
\par not replaying, the Iron Man objective at this difficulty level will prove
\par frustrating to most players until they are at least somewhat familiar
\par with the terrain.  I suggest even seasoned Thief players begin at
\par Mountain (medium) difficulty, and replay at Everest if they wish to
\par tackle it with the Iron Man objective.}{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1 Enable fog and weather.}{\f1 
\par The fog and snow add tremendously to the immersion in this mission.
\par I urge everyone with hardware which supports these features to enable
\par them before starting.}{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs32\ul Objectives and Difficulties:}{\b\f1\fs32 
\par }{\f1\fs32 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cf9 Molehill
\par }{\b\f1 1. Make it to the summit.
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Molehill has a shorter route to the summit - some areas are inaccessible.
\par Grappling Hooks: 4\tab Healing potions: 2}{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cf9 Mountain
\par }{\b\f1 1. Make it to the summit.
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 In Mountain, all areas are accessible.}{\f1\fs28 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Grappling Hooks: 3\tab Healing potions: 1
\par }{\f1\fs28 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\cf9 Everest
\par }{\b\f1 1. Make it to the summit.
\par }{\b\f1\cf6 2. Iron Man: Don't load a saved game.
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 In Everest, all areas are accessible, and you cannot load a saved game.
\par Grappling Hooks: 2\tab Healing potions: 1
\par }{\f1\fs28 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs32\ul Thanks & Credits:
\par }{\f1 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Objects}{\b\f1\cf9 ...}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    Grappling Hook - Schwaa (J. Knez)
\par    Dwarf \endash  Rob Hicks, skin altered by the author
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Textures}{\b\f1\cf9 ...}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    LostCityX - ported from T1G by Rob Hicks
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Music}{\b\f1\cf9 ...}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    Main Menu - }{\i\f1\cf9 Altered States}{\f1\cf9  by Sepultura
\par    Objectives and Loading - }{\i\f1\cf9 Panning The Sands}{\f1\cf9  by Patrick O'Hearn
\par    Lower Mountain ambient - }{\i\f1\cf9 Northwest Passage}{\f1\cf9  by Patrick O'Hearn
\par    Upper Mountain ambient - }{\i\f1\cf9 Approaching Summit}{\f1\cf9  by Patrick O'Hearn
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Betatesting}{\b\f1\cf9 \'85}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    Nightwalker, Dark Arrow, Peter Smith
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Contest hosting}{\b\f1\cf9 \'85}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    Komag!
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f1\cf9 Help}{\b\f1\cf9 \'85}{\b\i\f1\cf9 
\par }{\f1\cf9    Everyone at The Editor\rquote s Guild\'85 but especially Nameless Voice for
\par    the triggers on load tutorial, and Polygon for showing me how to
\par    make the replacement full-screen menu so easily.
\par }{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs32\ul Copyright Information
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1 This mission is \'a92004 by }{\f1\cf6 Yandros (Russ)}{\f1 
\par 
\par This level was not made by and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios
\par or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par }}