{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\title ===============================================================}{\author Jason Otto}{\operator Marcus Zuppinger}{\creatim\yr2006\mo12\dy6\hr19\min50}{\revtim\yr2007\mo6\dy24\hr20\min44}
{\version9}{\edmins54}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords398}{\nofchars2272}{\nofcharsws2790}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
===============================================================
\par The Kill Factory II\tab \tab June 27, 2007
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par ****** BACK UP YOUR COPY OF DARK.CFG ******
\par 
\par This mission uses Telliamed's scripts (script_t2.osm) which is included with the zip.
\par 
\par Author\tab \tab \tab :  Sliptip
\par Contact Info\tab \tab :  PM 
\par Date of Release\tab :  June 27, 2007
\par 
\par Title\tab \tab \tab :  Kill Factory II "Escape from the Planet of the Robots"
\par 
\par Description\tab \tab :  Thief 2 Fan Mission
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2340\li2340\ri0\widctlpar\tx2160\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2340\itap0 {Story\tab :  Garrett travels in time to the future to steal the enormous wealth it's people are 
rumored to have.  But now he's trapped with no way back.  Can you find a way or will Garrett meet his end and be blasted to space bits?!?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par Known bugs \tab \tab : 
\par  
\par Briefing(s)\tab : No
\par 
\par Cutscene\tab : No
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Playing Information *
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab : Thief 2 TMA
\par Mission Title\tab \tab : Kill Factory II "Escape from the Planet of the Robots"
\par File Name\tab \tab : Miss 20
\par Difficulty Settings\tab : Yes
\par Equipment Store\tab : No
\par Map\tab \tab \tab : No, well sort of. . . no
\par Auto Map\tab \tab : No
\par New Graphics\tab \tab : Yes
\par New Sounds\tab \tab : Yes
\par Languages\tab \tab : English
\par EAX Support\tab \tab : No
\par Briefing(s)\tab \tab : No
\par                                        
\par * Construction *
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab : From Scratch
\par Build Time\tab \tab : 2 months
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Loading Information *
\par 
\par This mission will work fine with DarkLoader. Just place the zip file in your missions folder.
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par A big round of applause for all my dedicated testers:
\par 
\par Cavalorn
\par Digital Nightfall
\par Hotlyx
\par Malau
\par Nightwalker
\par Yandros
\par 
\par A special thanks to Malau for his encouragement, allowing me to bounce ideas off of him and just for being generally interested!
\par 
\par A big thanks to Yandros and Sluggs for helping me with various large problems, without which this would've never seen the light of day.  So blame them if you hate it! }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f14\fs24}}}{
\par 
\par Special thanks to EVERYONE!  Thanks for playing!!!!
\par 
\par }{\b Music
\par 
\par }{All music was written on a Commodore 64 SID chip emulator
\par By various artists:
\par 
\par }{\b Toni Hilpenen:
\par }{"Meanwhile the Planet"
\par "Orivesi"
\par "Sounds of Nature"
\par 
\par }{\b Thomas Mogensen:
\par }{"Technica"
\par 
\par }{\b Hein Holt:
\par }{"Lick My Guitar"
\par "Squirting Squid"
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par If you hate the music be patient as there is an off switch located near the start of the mission.  If you cannot wait that long just delete the music files:
\par 
\par Metalp1.wav
\par Metalp2.wav
\par MtP.wav
\par Ori.wav
\par Son.wav
\par Technica.wav
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Copyright Information *
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact.  Feel free to include this mission in FM collection disks as long as they are not intended to generate profit.
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.     
\par }}