{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f75\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f76\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f78\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f79\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f80\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f81\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f82\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f84\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f85\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f86\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Adriana}{\operator Adriana}{\creatim\yr2008\mo11\dy21\hr2\min31}{\revtim\yr2008\mo11\dy24\min59}{\version7}{\edmins10}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords422}{\nofchars2408}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}
\margl1134\margr1134\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz283\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0                                   THE TOWER
\par  
\par                   A mission for the 10th Anniversary Contest
\par 
\par         DESCRIPTION
\par 
\par The mission takes place after the events in Thief 2.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\cgrid0 "It has come to my knowledge that Lord Witherdale has recently acquired a small but highly valuable collection of ancient jewels. 
\par The manor is well guarded and almost inaccessible, except from a tower which is connected to the back of the manor. An old gu
ardian still lives in the tower, but it won't be hard to get rid of him or even to sneak through without being seen. I must be careful though. The tower is situated in a small courtyard and strangers are not welcome there, especially at night.
\par There's not much time left. The guardian will soon be dismissed and the tower will be under restoration. I must act as quickly as possible. Tonight seems just perfect. Time to go!"
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par              PLAYING INFORMATIONS 
\par 
\par            Game:\tab \tab \tab        Thief 2: The Metal Age
\par            Level Name:\tab \tab        The Tower
\par            Author                                     Anonymous
\par            File names:\tab \tab         miss20
\par            Difficulty Settings:                   Normal and Expert only
\par            Equipment store:\tab \tab         No
\par            Map/Automap:\tab \tab         Yes/No
\par            New graphics:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            New sounds:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            New models:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            EAX Support:\tab \tab          No
\par            Multi language support:\tab          No
\par            Briefing:\tab \tab                       No
\par 
\par 
\par           Construction 
\par 
\par           Base:\tab \tab                     From scratch
\par           Map Size:\tab                     Very small, a 64x64x64 cube 
\par           Build Time:\tab                     53 days
\par 
\par 
\par Many thanks to:
\par  
\par - my betatesters: Nightwalker and nightshifter.
\par - Nightwalker and her husband Bernie for proofreading my books and making sure that they made sense.
\par - all the TTLG community, expecially to Nameless Voice, nightshifter and R Soul who helped me on specific problems. 
\par 
\par 
\par    CREDITS
\par 
\par Textures by John P.,PhotoRealistic,Mayang's Free Textures, CG Textures, Vigil (www.washboardabs.net/thief/.
\par 
\par Other textures from the games Max Payne, MOHAA, Painkiller, RTCW, The Wheel of Time, Undying, F.E.A.R, Dark Messiah.  
\par   
\par New objects by Greenhorn, Nameless Voice, OttoJ55,  PinkDot, Redface, R Soul, Schwaa, Shadowspawn, Sluggs, Targa, The Watcher, Yandros.
\par 
\par Improved original objects by Nameless Voice, R Soul, Schwaa.
\par 
\par New AIs by Targa
\par 
\par 
\par MUSIC
\par 
\par Atrium Carceri
\par   - Escape
\par   - Reincarnation Chamber
\par 
\par 
\par VOICE ACTING by Nightwalker
\par Haunt2 Schema is taken from DEDX
\par 
\par SCRIPTS by Nameless Voice and Telliamed
\par 
\par 
\par  Copyright Information 
\par 
\par This level was made by......Anonymous, for now. ;)
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par }}