{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 ===COMPULSORY EGRESS===\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\i\fs18 =============\par
\b\i0 BRIEFING:\par
\b0\ldblquote It\rquote s not often I get such a good tip from idle gossip. \par
For weeks I heard rumours that the run-down southern town of Navenvolk was awash with fears of an imminent crisis. I didn\rquote t pay them much attention, until the \i Tribune\i0  confirmed that an evacuation had been announced \emdash  not an easy choice, considering they built a new City Hall there just a few months ago, replete with garish d\'e9cor\'85 and the regional treasury.\par
Heh, what a move that was; meant as some initiative to \lquote revitalise the area\rquote . Since then, the borough has been beset by a flood of trendy nobility, trying to gobble up cheap urban real estate in a newly fashionable area. It\rquote s become a rat\rquote s nest of rich and poor. I overheard a family at The Docks moaning that they were forced out of their hole in the wall for a few stacks of silver.\par
Given its civic importance, the councilmen of Navenvolk have enlisted a mercenary force to defend the town once they clear out, under the command of the well-respected Captain Ricardo. I hear he\rquote s quite the hero. Has the mind of a real\'85 strategist. Well, I guess that means they\rquote re expecting a siege. I\rquote ll have to find out more myself; the details have not been forthcoming.\par
I\rquote d better get going. Navenvolk is at least two days travel, and I can\rquote t be the only rogue planning to make a killing from a town full of abandoned property\'85\rdblquote\par
=============\par
* Play Information *\par
\b Game\b0 : Thief 2 (NewDark 1.26)\line\b Level Name:\b0  Compulsory Egress\line\b File names:\b0  miss20.mis, compeg.gam\line\b Difficulty Settings\b0 : Normal/Hard/Expert\line\b Equipment store:\b0  No\line\b Map/Automap:\b0  Yes/No\line\b New graphics:\b0  Yes\line\b New sounds:\b0  Yes\line\b New conversations:\b0  No \line\b New models:\b0  Yes\line\b EAX Support:\b0  No\line\b Multi language support:\b0  \lang3081 EN / DE (Zappenduster) / FR (Azaran) / Russian (Soldi)\lang1033\line\b Briefing:\b0  See text above; no video\line\b Subtitles:\b0  No\par
+===+\par
*Construction*\line\line\b Base:\b0  Starting 16x16x16 Jorge airbrush.\line\b Map Size:\b0  Approximately 530x300x150 DromEd units. It takes about 70 seconds to run in a \lquote straight\rquote  line from the furthest south point to the furthest north point.\line\b Build Time:\b0  More than 53 days/1272 hours. I almost had the exact time, but on May 31\super st\nosupersub  the DromEd Info Window timer finally looped back and started the counter all over again. I think the time is kept as an unsigned 32-bit integer; my latest backup with the correct time says 48:14:26:50, and I definitely saw it at 49:16. Basically, I passed the DromEd kill-screen.\par
\i =============\par
\i0 +===+\line  \b IMPORTANT:\b0\line\emdash This FM comes with \lquote jump_speed_boost 1.4\rquote  enabled in fm.cfg, so it doesn\rquote t affect your settings for other Thief 2 FM/OMs. 1.4 is the Thief 1/Gold default, and this FM is intended to be played with Garrett\rquote s Thief 1/Gold movement. This FM \i can be completed\i0  using Thief 2\rquote s default 1.05 boost, but I \ul\i guarantee\ulnone\i0  this makes many non-essential jumps more difficult than they need to be (some are impossible at 1.05 unless you jump diagonally, and this is VERY annoying!). To disable this effect, put a semicolon (;) in front of the line in fm.cfg. I completely understand if don\rquote t want me dictating your controls.\line\emdash The intended ambient volume of this FM is 1100, which achieves my intended sfx to ambient volume ratio and avoids any line-level clipping. This command is disabled by default in the fm.cfg, however if you would like to hear the ambients at the volume I heard them at \i relative\i0  to footsteps and other sound effects, you can remove the ; in front of the \lquote ambient_volume 1100\rquote  command.\i\par
\i0\emdash I recommend you don\rquote t use any graphics mods to play this mission. My choice of textures and objects wasn\rquote t slapdash; many terrain brushes exist only to allow me more granular control over texture alignment and appearance.\par
+===+\line GAMEPLAY NOTES (MAY CONTAIN VERY LIGHT SPOILERS)\line\line    \emdash You are not missing any gameplay or content on lower difficulties. Expert has less equipment, but no less loot.\line    \emdash There are no invisible enemies.\line    \emdash There are no \lquote cryptic\rquote  clues in readables; if you can\rquote t pick up a readable, it isn\rquote t required to complete objectives. Most readables are shorter than one page.\line    \emdash No keys/loot are hidden under furniture or inside solid objects.\line    \emdash There are no micro-switches. Any hidden switches that may or may not exist would be normal size.\line    \emdash There are some \lquote challenging\rquote  jumps and mantling, but they are \i not\i0  necessary to complete objectives. Try jumping diagonally to cover more distance!\line    \emdash Some windows can be opened. If you have trouble getting through window frames, trying holding space and/or leaning though them.\line    \emdash\i Try mantling on everything\i0 ! Doors, signs, lights, trees, windows, walls, balconies, everything. Even torches, if you don\rquote t mind getting hot feet.\line    \emdash Wait until you reach the top of the rope arrow before jumping/mantling! (I \ul\i highly\ulnone\i0  recommend saving before using ropes in certain claustrophobic and smelly places\'85)\line    \emdash This missions \i cannot\i0  be Supreme or Strict Ghosted (some keys destroy on use, custom/scripted alert responses, maximum loot requires property damage etc.) However, if property damage is allowed, standard ghosting should be possible.\line    \emdash Given the non-linear elements of the level, I recommend marking where you\rquote ve explored on the map. Both exterior maps have variants with colour to differentiate heights and interiors/exteriors. These are included in the intrface/miss20 folder and, if you prefer them, just rename squarecolour.png as \i page001\i0 , and mainncolour.png as \i page002\i0 .\line\line +===+\line TECHNICAL NOTES\line  \line    \emdash This FM only supports FMSel, AngelLoader, or NewDarkLoader \emdash  these can load fm.cfg files.\line    \emdash This FM was made using NewDark 1.26. It might be compatible with an earlier 1.2x version, but I would recommend upgrading if only to play the dozens of excellent FMs that actually require 1.26. It runs with 1.23, but there might be some bug or incompatibility I didn\rquote t find.\line    \emdash This FM should not require a top-end PC. The frame-rate should scale with how powerful your computer is, and not be strangled by pushing NewDark beyond its technical limits. I ensured that the actual frame-rate \i NEVER\i0  dropped below 120fps, so 60fps should be easily achievable even for older systems.\par
+===+\line KNOWN ISSUES\line\line\emdash Pickpocket number is way off, at 14. Even after removing \lquote CulpableFor\rquote  link from arrows in quivers, the number is still off. If you don\rquote t count these arrows, it should be either 5 or 7, depending on what you consider a pickpocket.\par
+===+\line\line DISCLAIMER: This FM was designed under the assumption of mouse and keyboard usage. It should be fine to play with a gamepad, but if you struggle with any jumps/mantling, remember that analogue sticks aren\rquote t ideal for precise first-person movement, and that I didn\rquote t design this mission to be cruel or annoying. A lot of time and thought went into placing objects and brushes to optimise ease of mantling without sacrificing environmental or aesthetic immersion. In any case, quicksaving before a precarious decision is always prudent \emdash  who can predict the caprice of rope arrows?\par
=============\par
+===+\line\b Thanks:\b0\par
   \emdash Nick Dablin/nicked for his "{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nickdablin.wordpress.com/2014/01/13/absolute-beginners-guide-to-creating-a-thief-2-mission-part-one/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\i Absolute Beginner\rquote s Guide to Creating a Mission for Thief 2}}}}\f0\fs18 ". This was the original catalyst, without which I would have zero understanding of DromEd and zero capacity to make anything. I wouldn't even know what a brush is. Even after putting hundreds of hours into DromEd, I still referred back to this guide for setting up objectives and the FM archive!\line    \emdash In terms of making Thief 1 assets work in Thief 2, I cannot count the number of times I thought, "How did Melan do it?" and went to look at \i Disorientation\i0  to try and reverse-engineer a solution.\line    \emdash Everybody involved with the TDP 20\super th\nosupersub  Anniversary Contest, which was the real catalyst that finally got me to engage with the TTLG community and actually give something back for the hundreds of incredible missions I\rquote ve enjoyed over the years.\line    \emdash Twenty years\rquote  worth of posts and knowledge stored on TTLG.com, Southquarter.com/dromed, Dromesday Book etc., and particularly posts and replies by Unna Oertdottir*, LarryG, Yandros and R Soul, whose innumerable technical solutions on posts spanning many years I have silently benefitted from.\line    \emdash Tannar for organising a number of beta-testing related things, especially while dealing with shalebridgecradle.co.uk giving up the ghost again!\line    \emdash R Soul for his guide at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://dromed.whoopdedo.org/dromed/maps }}{\fldrslt{https://dromed.whoopdedo.org/dromed/maps\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  for a number of tips that improved the quality of my own (much simpler!) maps.\line    \emdash Nameless Voice for NVScript.osm\line    \emdash Purgator for his \lquote {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68YVN_PEvfg" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul Art of The Dark Project: The Paintings}}}}\f0\fs18\rquote  video, which helped me identify numerous titles so that my in-game replicas could match the hi-res originals as closely as possible.\line    \emdash Unna Oertdottir for Bullet DromEd 1.26.\line    \emdash GayleSaver for this post {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=15380&p=216287&viewfull=1#post216287 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=15380&p=216287&viewfull=1#post216287\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 , which allowed me to batch add Physics Type to all of my concrete bush01/02/03 objects, and any instantiated property to any concrete objects. What a lifesaver!\line    \emdash Jason/epithumia for his permission to host this FM on thiefmissions.com!\par
\tab *An especially big thank you to Unna for possibly the best piece of DromEd advice I have ever read, about reducing cell count: \fs16 "{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=145894&p=2351673&viewfull=1#post2351673 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=145894&p=2351673&viewfull=1#post2351673\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs16 "\fs18  At one point, I changed the time of ONE airbrush out of 1441 terrain brushes, and the cell count dropped from 9203 to 8746... nearly a 5% decrease by changing 1/1441th of the brushes. I think in total, this technique probably reduced the cell count by ~5000. Without this tip, I wouldn\rquote t have had cells available for a decent chunk of the mission.\par
\tab\b BETA-TESTERS:\par
\b0 -Aemanyl\line -Korthak\line -marbleman\line -Mat99\line -Psych0sis\line -skacky\line -Schlock\line -Squadafroinx\line -zajazd\line\line All my testers provided invaluable advice, bug-fixes and suggestions. Without these, the mission would lack a significant amount of polish. To do their efforts justice, I\rquote ve catalogued every alteration I made between the original beta version and the final release in the CHANGELOG.txt, with individual attribution to testers who made the suggestion. Any change without a credit was my own decision. They also made a number of valuable suggestions that I opted \i not\i0  to implement, so any deficiencies in this FM are firmly my own responsibility.\par
+===+\line\b Credits:\b0\i\line\line *IF I HAVE MISUSED OR MISAPPROPRIATED YOUR ASSETS, PLEASE DON'T HESITATE TO INFORM ME. IT IS MY INTENTION TO CELEBRATE THIEF 1/2, \ul WITHOUT\ulnone  LEECHING OFF THE COMMUNITY.*\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\emdash While efforts have been made to individually credit all custom assets, occasionally the provenance becomes tangled by the dead web addresses, inactive creators and unclear attributions that have accumulated over the past twenty years (e.g. so far as I can tell, the SwordGuard3X model "mguard.bin/cal" I have is from \i Disorientation\i0  by Melan, who got it from DromEd Deluxe by Rob Hicks, which used a model ported and modified by Daemonite, who worked from stock Thief 1/Gold). Consequently, if you recognise any assets whose credits I have missed or mistaken, please let me know.\emdash\i\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\tab\b Textures (Source and/or Creator Credit):\par
\b0    \emdash\i Dirty Money*\i0  (DrK, 2015. \i Original thanks: CGTextures, Purah & Team Calendra, Clive Barker's Undying, DrK, Team Cosas, Undule, Lady Rowena, Sliptip, Melan, DarkMax, Vigil, Zacharias\i0 ).\line    \emdash 'Wood01.png' (AntiMatter_16 texture pack, taken from \i Reunification Campaign\i0  by Beltzer)\line    \emdash 'WdPlnks1.png' (Unclear origin, taken from \i Five Nights At Dayport \i0 by \endash Terra-)\line    \emdash Non-indexed '2arch.png'; \lquote doorface.tga\rquote  (taken from \i Music of Sibel\i0  by skacky)\line    \emdash\lquote churchinwall1.png\rquote  (Unclear origin. Taken from \i Endless Rain \i0 by skacky. \i Original thanks: The Dark Mod, CGTextures, Purah & Team Calendra, Lady Rowena, Sliptip, Melan, DarkMax, Vigil, Zacharias.\i0 )\line    \emdash skacky TDP20AC custom/legal texture pack\line    \emdash Enhancement Pack 2.0 alpha (Nameless Voice et al., 2008), 'cab1-9.gif' converted to unpalletized .png; \lquote pceil06.png\rquote  \lquote pceil04.png\rquote ; \lquote gamble.gif\rquote\line    \emdash\lquote COLUMN1ABLU.png\rquote ; \lquote COLUMN3BLU.png\rquote  (taken from \i Rose Garden\i0  by Melan) \line    \emdash Davegh.com (David Guerra, 199x-2019.)  In compliance with TOC clause 8.2: \i THESE IMAGES can be used to to create free environments (levels) for commercial video games, that is, environments created without any profit in mind that uses as a platform an existing commercial video game. This is allowed as long as these environments are not going to be part of any commercial package and doesn't generate any direct or indirect benefits.\line\i0   \emdash\lquote Dark Paper 2/2b/3/3b/4.png\rquote  (Vigil map background pack, 2006)\i\line\line *\i0 [Two reasons for taking these textures from \i Dirty Money\i0 : firstly, they are already true colour/non-indexed. Secondly, many of the links and mirrors I found for the original textures are dead. I have tried to track down the original source for as many of these as I could: see \lquote texture source.txt\rquote ]\i\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i0 (Modified) Multibrush:\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\emdash\i Disorientation\i0  (Melan, 2009) 90 degree stairs; (original located at X:170, Y:501, Z:12)\line\tab *I think this is the only multibrush that actually made it into the final .mis, given that importing them from elsewhere usually caused bizarre schema glitches and sometimes WR errors. See below for FMs that inspired terrain and architecture more generally.*\par
\tab\b Objects/Meshes (see .bin for attendant texture files):\line\b0\line    \emdash\lquote RSwallspot.bin\rquote  (R Soul, taken from \i Dirty Money \i0 FM)\line    \emdash\lquote bookpile.bin\rquote  (R Soul, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/08/08/pile-of-books-by-r-soul/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/08/08/pile-of-books-by-r-soul/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote Portcull.bin\rquote  (OttoJ55, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2015/11/18/long-portcullis-by-ottoj55/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2015/11/18/long-portcullis-by-ottoj55/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash  \lquote DalePlane.bin\rquote ; \lquote shuttrz.bin\rquote  (Dale, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/09/01/reskinable-square-by-dale/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/09/01/reskinable-square-by-dale/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 ; {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/09/01/reskinable-rectangle-by-dale/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/09/01/reskinable-rectangle-by-dale/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote NVDrawer02.bin; NVTable01/2/3.bin; NVLargeOvalTabl.bin; NVRoundTable.bin; nvbookcabinet01.bin; nvbookcase01/2/3.bin; nvdresser01.bin; nvdrawer02.bin; NVWineShelf.bin; nvcornercabinet.bin; NVbureau.bin\rquote  (Nameless Voice, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.wearytaffer.com/NV/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.wearytaffer.com/NV/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote MirrorCupids.bin\rquote  (LarryG, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/05/25/decorated-wooden-mirror-by-larryg/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/05/25/decorated-wooden-mirror-by-larryg/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote smugmap.bin\rquote  (T2X, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/03/16/underground-map-by-t2x/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/03/16/underground-map-by-t2x/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote txpillar4.bin\rquote  (Hammerite Imperium, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/06/08/reskinnable-pillars-by-hammerite-imperium/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/06/08/reskinnable-pillars-by-hammerite-imperium/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote newtabl1.bin\rquote  (Targa? Taken from \i Heist Society \i0 FM)\line    \emdash\lquote res_cube.bin\rquote  (Yandros, taken from url linked here: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=136305&p=2077382&viewfull=1#post2077382 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=136305&p=2077382&viewfull=1#post2077382\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote VicCab.bin\rquote  (Nielsen74, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/05/24/victorian-cabinets-by-nielsen74/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/05/24/victorian-cabinets-by-nielsen74/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote quillfeather.bin\rquote  (T2X, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/03/08/quill-feather-by-t2x/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2018/03/08/quill-feather-by-t2x/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote DCart1.bin; DCart2.bin\rquote  (Daraan, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/05/04/carts-and-wheelbarrows/ }}{\fldrslt{http://spirited-tech.com/thief/2016/05/04/carts-and-wheelbarrows/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote vindec4;5.gif\rquote  (OttoJ55, green variant by pukey brunster? Taken from \i Morbid Curiosity \i0 FM)\line    \emdash\lquote colher3.bin; faca3.bin; garf3.bin\rquote  (Flecha das Sombras, taken from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.wearytaffer.com/warehouse/flatwares.zip }}{\fldrslt{http://www.wearytaffer.com/warehouse/flatwares.zip\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 )\line    \emdash\lquote opguardsw.bin; herm.bin; expramsg.bin; expramg2.bin; expramb2.bin; unthglm.bin; thiefsw.bin; opguabow.bin; merchant.bin; expgar.bin; expbafes.bin; bowman2.bin; constgu.bin; thiefarr.bin\rquote ; \lquote assxbf1.bin\rquote  (DEDX/Daemonite, files taken from DEDX01 and \i Disorientation\i0  FM)\line    \emdash Numerous Thief 1/2 unused stock objects.\b\par
\b0\tab\b Sounds/Schema:\par
\emdash\b0 AMB_T1G.sch (taken from marbleman\rquote s \i Cracks In The Glass\i0 , originally from DEDX?)\line\emdash Grantick.wav (sound and schema taken from frobber\rquote s \i Keeper of The Prophecies\i0 )\line\emdash Mbreath (taken from FrenchDecay, JarlFrank, and marbleman\rquote s \i In & Out\i0 )\line\emdash ORGAN1/2.wav; BLUECRY1/2/3.wav; EEES1/2/3.wav; m17fh.wav; MINES2.wav; (Child of Karras, Sound Enhancement Pack)\line\emdash German \lquote VGuard7\rquote  renamed to \lquote Guard2x\rquote /\rquote Hammer3\rquote  (provided by zappen)\line\emdash French Thief Gold \lquote Guard2\rquote /\rquote Hammer3\rquote  (provided by Korthak)\par
\tab\b Scripts:\b0\par
\emdash NVScript.osm [v1.2.6, 551kb, dated 31/12/2017] (Nameless Voice, 2010/2017)\par
\tab\b Design inspiration\b0  (i.e. missions I explored and prodded extensively in DromEd):\par
 \tab =FMs\line\-\emdash Melan - \i Disorientation; Rose Garden\i0 .\line\emdash DrK - \i Dirty Money\i0 ; \i Lost Among The Forsaken\i0 .\line\emdash Schlock - \i Shadow Play\i0 .\line\emdash Morrgan \endash  \i Saints of Redmound; Returning A Favour.\line\emdash\i0 ga\'ebtane\i  \endash  Goblins/Korrigans\i0\line\emdash ObservingEye - \i Precarious Business\i0 .\line\emdash bbb - \i A Short Night's Work; Augustine's Revenge\i0 .\line\emdash skacky \endash  \i Shadow Politics; Music of Sibel;\i0  \i Between These Dark Walls; Endless Rain; Sound of A Burrick In A Room.\line\emdash\i0 Firemage \endash  \i Whistling of the Gears\i0 .\line\emdash Mark Smith/AsyluM et al. - \i Hidden Agenda; Heist Society.\line\i0\emdash pukey brunster \endash  \i Morbid Curiosity.\i0\line\emdash Tannar/pukey brunster \endash  \i The Scarlet Cascabel.\par
\i0  \tab =OMs\line\emdash Thief 1 \endash  \i Thieves Guild\i0\line\emdash Thief 2 \endash  \i First City Bank & Trust; Blackmail\i0 .\par
\tab\b Real Architecture inspiration\par
\b0 -Various timber framed buildings; \i Rouen, France\i0 .\line -City walls; \i Carcassonne, France\i0 .\line -Bosco Verticale; \i Milan, Italy\i0 .\line -Pallazo Vecchio; \i Florence, Italy\i0 .\line -Various \i insulae\i0 ; \i Rome, Italy\i0 .\line -Hatfield House; \i Hertfordshire, England\i0 .\line -Southampton Medieval Merchant\rquote s House; \i Hampshire, England\i0 .\line -The Guildhall; \i Leicester, England\i0 .\line -Gainsborough Old Hall; \i Lincolnshire, England.\line -\i0 Gentrified Notting Hill streets; \i London, England.\i0\line -Cambridge City Hall; \i Massachusetts, United States\i0 .\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b 'ORIGINAL'/MODIFIED ASSETS \line (insofar as I have permission to give*, \line feel free to use these in your fan missions!)\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1 +\i OBJECTS/OBJ TEXTURES\i0  \line    \emdash Footlocker 'Footlockx.bin' (stock footlocker, but with parallel top metal bracing.)\line    \emdash RedTower 'roof2317x.bin/rooftil2.gif'; PlanRoof30x15 'roof3015x.bin/roo2.gif'; (object roofs using Ramirez roof texture instead of Thief 2 red roof.)\line    \emdash tablfanb.bin, sofchairb.bin, ramdeskb.bin; tabcabrown.bin; cax1-7.png; caw6.png (colorized brown variants of Fancy/Ramirez furniture)\line    \emdash cushcowb.bin, cushchaib.bin; cusx1-3.png (colorized dark brown variant of Cushy chair set)\line    \emdash armiore1.bin/armiore2.bin (colorized light and dark brown variants of T1 Armoire object)\line    \emdash cabt2.bin (cabinet.bin using Thief 2 core_2 wdpanel and wdplanks textures)\line    \emdash tablet2.bin (table.bin using Thief 2 core_2 wdplanks texture)\line    \emdash side01/04/08/09/13/desat/sat.bin (bedsitab.bin using M\i xx\i0 Ceil3/wgrain textures)\line    \emdash plankwd2.bin (plank5/BoardUp with coreT1 wdplnk2.png texture)\line    \emdash fanbedb.bin; fanbedgre.bin; fanbedgra.bin (blue FancyBed with colorized brown, green and grey sheets)\par
+\i TEXTURES\line    \i0\emdash ROOFx.png textures; (made by desaturating and colourizing unpalletized ROOF texture in GIMP)\line    \emdash WdPlnks02.png/WdPlnks03.png (modified from WdPlnks1.png texture, see above)\line    \emdash COLUMNBLU/COLUMN1BLU.png (dark blue colorized COLUMN1ABLU.png; COLUMN3BLU.png)\line    \emdash wgraindesat.png; wgrainsat.png (Thief 1 wgrain02, without palette and with saturation)\line\line +\i SFX/SCHEMA\i0\line    \emdash Guard2 'Guard2x/SG2x'; (schema and .wav files have been renamed so as to not conflict/overwrite stock Thief 2 GUARD2 voice. Originally from Thief Gold.)\line    \emdash Tension11.wav; (tension1 renamed to be compatible with Thief 2 tension1.wav)\line    \emdash METALHRTFAST.wav (increase tempo METALHRT.wav)\line    \emdash HM3.sch (Hammer3 schema with archaic and religious dialogue removed to make it suitable for non-Hammerite AIs)\line\line +\i MESH/MESH TEXTURES\line\i0    \emdash expconri.gif (expcongu.gif recoloured, face taken from exprammc.gif)\line    \emdash arcswd03.png (arcswd01.gif w/ face from actorm.gif)\line    \emdash arcswd04.png (arcswd01.gif w/ face from police02.gif)\line    \emdash arcswd2b.png (ArcSWd02.gif w/ face from expwo3.gif)\line    \emdash ArcSWd2a.png (ArcSWd02.gif w/ darkened face from actorw.gif)\line    \emdash ArcSWd01b.png (ArcSwd01.gif w/ face from Archer02.gif)\line    \emdash opguars2.png (opguarsw.gif w/ face from opguabow.gif)\line    \emdash opguars3.png (opguarsw.gif w/ face from prison03.gif)\line    \emdash opguars4.png (opguarsw.gif w/ face from police01.gif)\line    \emdash thiefs2.png (thiefs01.gif w/ adjusted contrast, face from thiefwz1.gif)\line    \emdash bowmanB.png (expbafes.gif w/ arrow and quiver from bowman2.gif)\line    \emdash thiefT1.bin/png (thiefsw.gif w/ mirrored face from Thief 1 Assassin)\line    \emdash swgard2b.gif (SwGard02.GIF w/ colour-adjusted beard from swgad01d.gif)\line    \emdash expcong2.png (expcongu.gif w/ face from keepbw03.gif; reduced brightness in parts to simulate shadow)\line    \emdash exprams3.png (exprams2.gif w/ face from archer02.gif)\line    \line\line\tab *the meshes are my own modifications of DEDX/Daemonite T1 mesh textures. I am operating on the assumption that this action complies with the following clause in \lquote DEDX release notes\rquote , page 3 [underline and italics mine]: \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart2\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\qj\fs16 DEDX is distributed free to users and is created for the benefit of the Thief 2 editing community and not for profit.  The \ul\i user of the package is free to use, modify and distribute the contents of the package strictly on the condition that no monies or other remuneration are sought\ulnone\i0 , other than sundry amounts to cover consumables (i.e. discs) and/or postage and packing.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs18 However, this document also states:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart3\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\qj\fs16 DEDX consists of collected works from many contributors.  The contents of the package remains the copyright (if such exists) of individual contributors.  If a user distributes any part of the package in any form, he/she must credit and acknowledge the copyright of the contributor(s) in supplementary documentation.  It is not sufficient to credit and acknowledge DEDX (see point 4).  \ul\i If a user modifies and distributes any part of the package in any form he/she must still credit the contributor of the unmodified part\ulnone\i0 .\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}In addition to proper crediting and acknowledgement of contributors' work, if a user distributes any part of the package in any form, he/she must also acknowledge DEDX as the supplier of the parts.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb120\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs18 If you want to use these meshes, \i definitely \i0 credit DEDX and Daemonite. Whether you credit me or not is optional at best.\par
As for modifying LGS assets, the only prohibition I could find in the EULA(s) was about modifying executables, not .bin, .pcx, .gif or .wav files. Since GOG.com is distributing NewDark 1.26, I\rquote m hoping I\rquote ll be alright for using it and Bullet DromEd 1.26.\par
+===+\par
({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=149679&p=2418085&viewfull=1#post2418085)IN }}{\fldrslt{https://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=149679&p=2418085&viewfull=1#post2418085)IN\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  LIGHT OF THIS POST, IN THE EVENT THAT FIXES BEYOND THE SCOPE OF A .DML ARE REQUIRED FOR THIS MISSION, I GIVE EXPRESS PERMISSION FOR ANYONE TO MAKE ANY MODIFICATIONS NECESSARY TO FIXING BUGS.\par
+===+\line *COPYRIGHT INFORMATION*\par
This level is \'a9 2019 by DirkBogan.\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as the archive and this file are kept intact.\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\par
}
 