{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\kerning1\f0\fs24\lang2057\par
\b The Heart Of Gems: Night Of The Red Moon - Version 1.0 - October 2016\b0\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 ================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Author\b0 : Terra\f1\fs22\par
\b\f0\fs24 Release date\b0 : October 2016\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b\fs40 Advice:\b0\f1\fs22\par
\b\f0\fs40 Please play this FM only after having installed the newest version of TafferPatcher, otherwise graphical errors could appear!\par
\par
This FM has only been tested with FMsel and NewDarkloader, there's no guarantee if you should use other installing programs. \b0\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Plot\b0 :\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
The following events take place 8 weeks after \b\i Roofs Of Gold\b0\i0  ...\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
My money is getting tight and the house in the deep forest is not the best accommodation. But an old friend of mine gave me some information about a precious gem, the so-called Heart of Gems. They say it is invaluable and there is a secret hidden within. Seems time for a new adventure has come but I'm not the only one interested in that treasure. A mysterious Order seems to have the same intention.\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 I\rquote d better get some information about those guys and then pay a visit to them as they own a kind of ritual candle which is necessary to recover that Gem.\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Once in that town I should keep a lookout for the sword of Arkford. According to an old legend it only becomes visible when the moon turns to red. Tonight seems to be my lucky day, the moon turns red! Alas I don't have much equipment, only my hatchet which is supposed to be somewhere in the forest. I should find and take it first.\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Game information\b0 :\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
Game: Thief 2 - The Metal Age (Version 1.22 NewDark)\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Mission title: The Heart Of Gems: Night Of The Red Moon\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Files: miss21.mis, gem.gam\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Levels: Normal, Hard, Expert\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Shop: No\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Map: Only note sheet\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 New graphics: Yes\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 New sounds: Yes\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 EAX: No\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Multi language: DE/FR/EN\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Briefing: No\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Construction time\b0 : 1 year 4 months\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Additional Objects from:\b0\f1\fs22\par
\b\f0\fs24\par
\b0 Eshaktaar: Broken Triad\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Dedx\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Jason Otto\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Schwaa\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Christine\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Greenhorn\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Zontik: King\rquote s Story\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Cosas-Team \f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Saturnine: Rose Cottage\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24\par
\b Additional Meshes from:\b0\f1\fs22\par
\b\f0\fs24\par
\b0 Eshaktaar: Broken Triad, Ominous Bequest\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Saturnine: Rose Cottage\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Dedx \f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Tdbonko\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 SoulTear\f1\fs22\par
\f0\fs24 Ga\f2\fs20\lang1036\'ebtane\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b Additional graphics from:\b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f2\fs20\lang1036  \f1\fs22\lang2057\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\sl-300\slmult0\f2\fs24\lang1031   \f3\lang1040 Ardiana\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Daraan        \f1\fs22\lang2057\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f3\fs24\lang1040   David Gurrea Hernandez ({\f1\fs22\lang2057{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.davegh.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\f3\fs24\lang1040 www.davegh.com}}}}\f3\fs24 )\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Gecko\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   GORT\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   LarryG\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Nameless Voice \f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Necrobob\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Nicked\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   \lang1033 Purgator\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Renzatic\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Sensut\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Soul Tear\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040   Vurt\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040  \lang1031  \lang1040 Xorak\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\b\f3\fs24\lang1040\par
\b0 Photo\lang1033 R\lang1040 ealistic\lang1033 : \f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040 CGTextures\b  \b0 ({\f1\fs22\lang2057{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cgtextures.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\f3\fs24\lang1040 www.cgtextures.com}}}}\f3\fs24 )\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040 GenealogyInTime\lang1033  ({\f1\fs22\lang2057{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.genealogyintime.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\f3\fs24\lang1033 www.\lang1040 genealogyintime.com}}}}\f3\fs24 )\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1033 PlainTextures ({\f1\fs22\lang2057{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.Plaintextures.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\f3\fs24\lang1033 www.plaintextures.com}}}}\f3\fs24 )\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f2\fs20\lang1036 DrK\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f2\fs20\lang1036 Jermi\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Saturnine: Rose Cottage\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 David Gurrea\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Ga\f2\fs20\lang1036\'ebtane\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f2\fs20\lang1036 Vigil\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Eshaktaar: Broken Triad, Ominous Bequest\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1040 T\lang1033 hief Deadly Shadows\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f3\fs24\lang1033 Pathologic\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b Beta testers:\par

\pard\par
Cardia\par
nightshifter\par
Zoro\par
LeMalin76\par
Atropos\par
silent_thief\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b Translations FR/EN:\b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Zappenduster, LeMalin76, nickie\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b Scripts by \b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b0 Nameless Voice - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.geocities.com/nameless_voice/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.geocities.com/nameless_voice/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Telliamed - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/ }}{\fldrslt{http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033             {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://whoopdedo.org/projects.php?scripts }}{\fldrslt{http://whoopdedo.org/projects.php?scripts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
Additional music and sounds from:\b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\b\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b0 Unterwegs in D\'fcsterburg von Grandy\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Vampires Dawn from Alexander "Marlex" Koch\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Eshaktaar \f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033 Thief2x Team\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
\b Copyright:\b0\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
This FM was made by Terra, October 2016.\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
================================================================================\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
\f0\fs24\lang1033\par
Please let me know if I\rquote ve forgotten to credit anyone. After about 1 year of construction I might have forgotten someone but it would not be intentionally.\f1\fs22\lang2057\par
}
 