{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
\b THE DEN\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\f1 (4th and last mission of the series "L'Arsene")\lang1036\f0\par
\pard ________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Author           \tab : Ga\'ebtane (Gat).\par
Contact info       : gat1@tiscali.fr\par
Date of release\tab : 11-2005\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Translations french/english : \b0 Sidiherrero and Brother David.\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\b\f1 Summary of the previous fms:\b0\par
\par
\b Part 1 - L'Arsene\b0 : The story begins with Garrett arriving to a distant unknown town. Everything our thief needs at the time is to get some rest in a comfortable hostel.\par
But isn\rquote t he shocked when he wakes up to find out all his goods have disappeared! Garrett must accept the fact, someone has robbed him!\par
The larceny was signed by someone called L'Arsene who, as Garrett will later find out, is the local master thief and who is accompanied by solid group of tough brigands.\par
Garrett will chase after L'Arsene in a confrontation that can only end with the fall of L'Arsene.\par
\par
\b Part 2 - Emilie Victor\b0 : Garrett inadvertently finds himself in the manor of no other than Sir Deloret, tyrannical and despotic lord of the corrupted town.\par
Garrett will meet a strange person, Emilie, who will grant him a very useful key for his following mission.\par
\par
\b Part 3 - The Korrigans\b0 : L'Arsene has escaped from prison. This town is definitely too dangerous for Garrett and he\rquote s had enough of it. He\rquote s resolved to leave but bad luck seems to pursue him. The town is under quarantine due to the invasion of mysterious evil creatures commonly known as "Korrigans".\par
Right now a ship is moored at the harbour, ready to set sail in a few hours. But all the accesses to the town are closely watched by the town militia, which has been reinforced due to the psychosis created by the apparition of the Korrigans.\par
Time presses and Garrett cannot see a way to get into the ship and leave town. But then he receives a message by no other that L\rquote Arsene\rquote s sister, Berenice. And she proposes a strange deal.\lang1036\b\f0\par
\pard\b0 ________________________________________________________________________________\par
\b\par
Part 4 - The Den \b0\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\f1 When Garrett regains consciousness, beaten up by L\rquote Arsene\rquote s thugs, he finds out that he is locked up in a dark and stinking cell. He can hear the moans of other prisoners around him.\par
Raising his eyes he can make out on the opposite side of the bars a familiar proudly-smiling shape: L'Arsene. His implacable enemy. He seems to have been watching him sleep for some time. Beside him, a hooded man stands, La Bourrique undoubtedly, L'Arsene\rquote s faithful lieutenant.\par
They have both been waiting for their prisoner to wake up, to impose their humiliating victory on him.\par
\par
Garrett suffers, he\rquote s been derided, and he is hungry, and all that makes him very angry.\par
First thing to do, escape this stinking prison and try to find something to eat.\par
Then it will all be between L\rquote Arsene and him.\lang1036\f0\par
\lang2057\f1 _______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Game information:\b0\par
\par
Objectives: Normal and hard difficulty levels imply more items and less AIs than Expert difficulty level.\par
Expert level includes an additional objective.\par
\par
For all the acrobats among you, do not try to climb over the enclosure walls to reach apparently inaccessible places. You may spoil the logical development of the fm.\lang1036\f0\par
\pard ________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Technical advice:\b0  For PC with a processor lower than 1 ghz, restart system after installing the mission. \par
I am sorry but the mission has a lag on small configurations.\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Playing Information\par
\b0\par
Game                   \tab : Thief : The Metal Age\par
Mission Title          \tab : The Den\par
File Name            \tab : miss23.mis\par
Difficulty Settings     \tab : yes\par
Equipment Store        \tab : No\par
Map                    \tab : yes\par
Auto Map             \tab : No\par
New Graphics        \tab : yes (by Rob Hicks, Daemonite, OttoJ55, Nameless Voice, Targa, Schwaa, Eshaktaar, Vigil)\par
New Sounds             \tab : yes\par
New Textures\tab\tab : yes  (by Purah "Calendra Legacy", (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd, Yandros, Alun Bestor aka Vigil (www.washboardabs.net/thief/news/))\par
New musics\tab\tab : yes ( "Lara at the Movies" soundtrack by Terry Barrett aka Dhama and Luis Martin (Legacy of Gods))\par
Multi-Language Support \tab : yes  (English - French - Spanish)\par
Briefing               \tab : No\par
Difficulty Level Info  \tab : Normal, hard and Expert\par
\par
File " Books " was written on the " Str-Converter " program conceived by MadBull.\par
\par
Construction :\par
\par
Base                   \tab : No\par
Build Time              \tab : One year\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Great thanks: \b0\par
\par
Beta testers: Lady Jo, Louve, Fr\'e8re David, Amelico, Super Mario, Eras, ffox, Sly Foxx, ShadowWolf421, Dafydd, Peter Smith, Eshaktaar, NightWalker, Yandros and Sidiherrero.\par
Voices: Sly Foxx (L'Arsene's speech, Garrett, ) and Louve (the Arsene's song ;-)\par
Proofreading : Sly foxx, ShadowWolf421, ffox and NightWalker.\par
To Sidiherrero for his work on the translation.\par
To Epithumia (Jason L. Tibbitts III) for hosting my fm. \par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b\i Version  fran\'e7aise\b0\i0\par
\par
\b L'ANTRE\b0\par
(4\'e8me et dernier opus de la s\'e9rie "L'Ars\'e8ne")\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Auteure\tab\tab : Ga\'ebtane (Gat)\par
Contact \tab : gat1@tiscali.fr\par
Date de sortie\tab : 11 - 2005 \par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b R\'e9sum\'e9 des fms pr\'e9c\'e9dentes :\b0\par
\par
\b Opus 1 - L'Ars\'e8ne\b0  : Cette histoire commen\'e7e par l'arriv\'e9e de Garrett dans une petite ville inconnue et lointaine. Car tout ce dont \'e0 besoin notre  voleur pour le moment c'est prendre quelques jours de repos dans une auberge accueillante.\par
Mais qu'elle ne f\'fbt pas sa surprise quand \'e0 son r\'e9veil, il constata que tous ces biens avaient disparu ! Garrett d\'fb se rendre \'e0 l'\'e9vidence,  quelqu'un l'avait cambriol\'e9 !\par
Le larcin \'e9tait sign\'e9 d'un certain L'Ars\'e8ne dont Garrett apprendra plus tard qu'il est le maitre voleur des lieux et dispose d'une solide et coriace \'e9quipe de brigands.\par
Garrett poursuivra L'Ars\'e8ne dans une confrontation qui n'aura de cesse que par la chute de l'Ars\'e8ne.\par
\par
\b Opus 2 - Emilie Victor\b0  : Garrett se retrouve par m\'e9garde dans un manoir qui n'est autre que la maison de Sir Deloret, Seigneur tyrannique et  despotique de cette ville corrompue.\par
Garrett fera ici la connaissance d'une \'e9trange personne, Emilie, qui lui remettra une cl\'e9 tr\'e8s utile pour la mission suivante.\par
\par
\b Opus 3 - Les Korrigans \b0 : L'Ars\'e8ne s'est \'e9chapp\'e9 de prison. Cette ville est d\'e9cidemment trop dangeureuse et Garrett en a assez. Il a d\'e9cid\'e9 de  partir mais le sort semble s'acharner contre lui, la ville est pla\'e7\'e9e sous quarantaine suite \'e0 l'invasion de myst\'e9rieuses cr\'e9atures malveillantes appel\'e9es commun\'e9ment "Korrigans".\par
En ce moment un bateau est amarr\'e9 au port, pr\'eat \'e0 prendre le large dans quelques heures. H\'e9las tous les acc\'e8s au port sont \'e9troitement surveill\'e9s par la milice de la ville. Celle-ci a \'e9t\'e9 renfor\'e7\'e9e suite \'e0 la psychose qu'\'e0 d\'e9chain\'e9e l'apparition des Korrigans.\par
Le temps presse et Garrett n'entrevoit pour l'instant aucune solution pour acc\'e9der au bateau qui lui permettra de quitter cette ville. C'est  alors qu'il re\'e7oit un message dont l'auteur n'est rien d'autre que la soeur de l'Ars\'e8ne, B\'e9r\'e9nice. Celle-ci lui propose un \'e9trange march\'e9.\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b L'histoire : \par
\par
Opus 4 - L'Antre :\b0\par
\par
Quand Garrett reprend conscience, apr\'e8s s'\'eatre fait joyeusement rou\'e9 de coups par les sbires de L'Ars\'e8ne, il s'aper\'e7oit qu'il est enferm\'e9  dans une ge\'f4le sombre et malodorante. Autour de lui il entend les plaintes d'autres prisonniers.\par
Levant les yeux il discerne alors, de l'autre c\'f4t\'e9 des barreaux et le toisant d'un sourire fier et vaniteux, une forme famili\'e8re : L'Ars\'e8ne.  L'ennemi implacable. Celui-ci semble l'observer depuis un moment. A ses c\'f4t\'e9s se tient un homme aux yeux dissimul\'e9s par un capuchon, La  Bourrique certainement, fid\'e8le lieutenant de L'Ars\'e8ne.\par
Tout deux ont attendu le r\'e9veil de leur prisonnier afin de lui imposer leur humiliante victoire.\par
\par
Garrett souffre, il est bafou\'e9, il a faim et tout cela fait qu'il est tr\'e8s tr\'e8s en col\'e8re.\par
Premi\'e8re \'e9tape, sortir de cette prison puante et si possible manger quelque chose. \par
Ensuite cela sera une affaire entre L'Ars\'e8ne et lui.\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Informations de jeu :\b0\par
\par
Les objectifs : Les modes faciles et difficiles comportent plus d'items et moins de AIs que le mode Expert.\par
Le mode Expert poss\'e8de un objectif suppl\'e9mentaire.\par
\par
Pour les plus acrobates d'entre vous, ne cherchez pas \'e0 grimper sur les murs d'enceinte pour atteindre des endroits qui vous paraissent  inaccessibles. Vous risqueriez de g\'e2cher le d\'e9roulement logique de la fm.\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Remerciements: \b0\par
\par
Beta testers: Lady Jo, Louve, Fr\'e8re David, Amelico, Super Mario, Eras, ffox, Sly Foxx, ShadowWolf421, Dafydd, Peter Smith, Eshaktaar, NightWalker, Yandros and Sidiherrero.\par
Voix : Louve (pour sa jolie voix chantante ;-) et Louis (pour avoir interpr\'e9t\'e9 le personnage de L'Ars\'e8ne).\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Conseils techniques :\b0  \par
Pour les pc avec un processeur inf\'e9rieur \'e0 1 ghz, red\'e9marrer le pc apr\'e8s installation. Je suis vraiment d\'e9sol\'e9e mais la mission souffre d'un ralentissement sur les petites configurations :-(\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b\i Versi\'f3n espa\'f1ola:\b0\i0\par
\b\par
EL ANTRO\b0\par
(4\'ba y \'faltimo cap\'edtulo de la serie "L'Arsene")\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Autor:\tab\tab\tab Ga\'ebtane (Gat)\par
Contacto:\tab\tab gat1@tiscali.fr\par
Fecha de aparici\'f3n:\tab 11 - 2005\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Resumen de las misiones anteriores:\b0\par
\par
\b Cap\'edtulo 1 - Arsene (L'Ars\'e8ne)\b0 : La historia comienza con la llegada de Garrett a una peque\'f1a ciudad lejana y desconocida. Todo lo que necesita nuestro ladr\'f3n en este momento es tomarse algunos d\'edas de descanso en un albergue acogedor.\par
Pero cu\'e1l ser\'e1 su sorpresa al despertar, cuando se d\'e9 cuenta de que \'a1todas sus posesiones han desaparecido! Garrett tiene que rendirse ante la evidencia, \'a1alguien le ha robado!\par
El robo es obra de un tal Arsene, quien, como Garrett descubrir\'e1 m\'e1s adelante, es el maestro ladr\'f3n local, que tiene a su disposici\'f3n una aguerrida banda de bribones.\par
Garrett perseguir\'e1 a Arsene en una confrontaci\'f3n que s\'f3lo podr\'e1 terminar con la ca\'edda de Arsene.\par
\par
\b Cap\'edtulo 2 - Emilie Victor\b0 : Garrett se encuentra inesperadamente en una mansi\'f3n que no es otra que la de Sir Deloret, el tirano y desp\'f3tico Se\'f1or de esta ciudad corrompida.\par
Garrett conocer\'e1 a una extra\'f1a persona, Emilie, que le facilitar\'e1 una llave muy \'fatil para su siguiente misi\'f3n.\par
\par
\b Cap\'edtulo 3 - Los Korrigans\b0 : Arsene ha escapado de prisi\'f3n. Decididamente, esta ciudad es demasiado peligrosa y Garrett ya ha tenido bastante. Est\'e1 decidido a marcharse, pero la mala suerte parece cebarse en \'e9l. La ciudad est\'e1 en cuarentena debido a la invasi\'f3n de unas misteriosas y malvadas criaturas com\'fanmente conocidas como los "Korrigans".\par
En este mismo momento hay un barco amarrado en el puerto, preparado para levar anclas en algunas horas. Pero todos los accesos al puerto est\'e1n estrechamente vigilados por la milicia de la ciudad, que ha sido reforzada como consecuencia de la psicosis desencadenada por la aparici\'f3n de los Korrigans.\par
El tiempo apremia y Garrett no parece encontrar ninguna soluci\'f3n para acceder al barco que le permitir\'e1 abandonar la ciudad. Justo entonces recibe un mensaje de nada menos que la hermana de Arsene, Berenice, que le propone un extra\'f1o trato.\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\b La historia: \par
\par
Cap\'edtulo 4 - El Antro:\b0\par
\par
Cuando Garrett recupera la consciencia, despu\'e9s de recibir una paliza de los esbirros de Arsene, se da cuenta de que est\'e1 encerrado en un calabozo oscuro y apestoso. A su alrededor puede oir los lamentos de otros prisioneros.\par
La levantar la mirada percibe, al otro lado de los barrotes y dedic\'e1ndole una sonrisa orgullosa, una forma familiar: Arsene. Su implacable enemigo, que parece observarle desde hace rato. A su lado hay un hombre con los ojos ocultos por una capucha, La Bourrique sin duda, fiel lugarteniente de Arsene.\par
Los dos llevan un rato esperando a que su prisionero se despertase para restregarle su humillante derrota.\par
\par
Garrett sufre, ha sido humillado, tiene hambre, y todo ello hace que est\'e9 muy furioso.\par
Lo primero, salir de esta apestosa prisi\'f3n y buscar algo de comer.\par
Despu\'e9s ser\'e1 un asunto entre Arsene y \'e9l.\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Informaci\'f3n del juego:\b0\par
\par
Objetivos: Los modos f\'e1cil y dif\'edcil incluyen m\'e1s objetos y menos Ais y pistas que el modo Experto.\par
El modo Experto incluye un objetivo adicional.\par
\par
Para los m\'e1s acr\'f3batas de entre vosotros, no intent\'e9is escalar los muros exteriores para alcanzar lugares que parecen inaccesibles. Podr\'edais estropear el desarrollo l\'f3gico de la misi\'f3n.\par
_______________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Para instalar los textos y los objetivos en espa\'f1ol lee atentamente lo siguiente:\par
\par
\b0 Instala la misi\'f3n mediante Darkloader.\par
Descomprime nuevamente la misi\'f3n, esta vez de forma manual, en un directorio temporal.\par
Abre el directorio "Spanish" que se encuentra en el directorio "Books".\par
Copia el contenido de ese directorio en el directorio "English" que se encuentra en el directorio "Books" de la misi\'f3n instalada por Darkloader.\par
Haz lo mismo con los directorios Strings e Intrface, sustituye el contenido de los directorios "English" por el de los directorios "Spanish". No olvides el del directorio "miss23".\par
________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\b Consejos t\'e9cnicos:\par
\b0\par
Para ordenadores con un procesador inferior a 1 ghz, reinicia el pc despu\'e9s de la instalaci\'f3n. Lo siento mucho, pero la misi\'f3n sufre una ralentizaci\'f3n con las configuraciones peque\'f1as :-(\b\par
\b0 ________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
(Texture Remedy Entertainment Ltd : The textures in this file are property of Remedy Entertainment Ltd., and can be used only as long as the \par
work is recognized as original artwork by Remedy, and no financial profit is made in the process). \par
\par
\b Loading Information \b0\par
\par
Place this zip file in the folder were you said to your DarkLoader look for Fan Mission.\par
\par
\b Copyright Informations\b0\par
\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package \par
is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my \par
permission. No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express \par
permission.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos \par
Interactive.\par
\par
}
 