{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid8481344 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid75339\rsid2883617\rsid3540559\rsid6956943\rsid6959102\rsid7553854\rsid7881038\rsid8061677\rsid8220714\rsid8481344\rsid8861829\rsid9663564\rsid11021593\rsid11537696\rsid12219341\rsid12341861
\rsid12873791\rsid14368829\rsid14711676\rsid15286268}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6359;}{\info{\title ===============================================================}{\author Jason Otto}{\operator Jason Otto}{\creatim\yr2006\mo4\dy18\hr9\min41}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo5\dy3\hr7\min55}{\version16}{\edmins17}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords799}{\nofchars4559}{\nofcharsws5348}{\vern24703}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8061677\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8061677 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8061677 ===============================================================
\par }{\insrsid75339 Fortress By The Sea Version 3.0 \tab 30 April 2006}{\insrsid8061677 
\par ===============================================================
\par Author\tab \tab \tab :  Ottoj55 (Jason Otto)
\par }{\insrsid3540559 Contact Info\tab \tab :}{\insrsid8061677   Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par Homepage\tab \tab :  www.jasonotto.net
\par Date of Release\tab :  September 01, 2003
\par }{\insrsid11021593 Re-release}{\insrsid8061677 \tab \tab :  April 30, 2006
\par 
\par Title\tab \tab \tab :  Fortress By The Sea
\par 
\par Description\tab \tab :  Thief 2 Fan Mission
\par 
\par Story\tab \tab \tab :  Things haven't been going so well for the Baron.  He's losing his war, and unless he can capture a key enemy fortress on the top of a lonely island he'll never get his navy to safety. 
Normally, I'd stay out of business like this.  A captain in the Baron's army tracked me down, he asked for the best cat burglar in the city, and wound up finding me.  With the fee I'm being offered to help get the Baron's forces into this fortress I'll be
 
able to pay my rent for a long time. I'll have to watch my step on this job.  The Baron's forces aren't going to know the difference between me and the soldiers in the fortress, when the jobs done I should probably make my get away and worry about collect
ing the second half of my payment somewhere less hostile.
\par 
\par Bugs &
\par Tips}{\insrsid9663564 \tab \tab }{\insrsid11021593 : The}{\insrsid8061677  end contains a large AI battle the may bog down slower PCs.  
\par        
\par Briefing(s)}{\insrsid9663564 \tab }{\insrsid8061677 : No
\par }{\insrsid9663564 Cutscene\tab }{\insrsid8061677 : No
\par }{\insrsid75339 
\par }{\insrsid8061677 ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Playing Information *
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab : Thief 2 TMA
\par Mission Title\tab \tab : The Fortress By The Sea
\par File Name\tab \tab : Miss 20
\par Difficulty Settings\tab : Yes
\par Equipment Store\tab : No
\par Map\tab \tab \tab : Yes
\par Auto Map\tab \tab : No
\par New Graphics\tab \tab : Yes
\par New Sounds\tab \tab : Yes
\par }{\insrsid15286268 Languages\tab \tab : English, Italian
\par }{\insrsid8061677 EAX Support\tab \tab : Yes
\par Briefing(s)\tab \tab : No
\par      Length\tab \tab : 
\par      Size\tab \tab \tab : 
\par 
\par Difficulty Level Info}{\insrsid9663564 \tab }{\insrsid8061677 : Normal - Open gate;1000 }{\insrsid11021593 loot; Get}{\insrsid8061677  out }{\insrsid11021593 alive; No}{\insrsid8061677  }{\insrsid11021593 kiltlike}{\insrsid8061677 
 limit 4; Hard   - Open gate;1400 }{\insrsid11021593 loot; Get}{\insrsid8061677  out }{\insrsid11021593 alive; No}{\insrsid8061677  }{\insrsid11021593 kiltlike}{\insrsid8061677  limit 2; Expert - Open gate;1800 }{\insrsid11021593 loot; Get}{
\insrsid8061677  out }{\insrsid11021593 alive; No}{\insrsid8061677  }{\insrsid11021593 kiltlike}{\insrsid8061677  limit 0
\par                                   
\par * Construction *
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab : From Scratch
\par Build Time\tab \tab : The whole summer to build, a month to retexture years later.
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Loading Information *
\par 
\par This mission will work fine with DarkLoader. Just place the zip file in your missions folder.
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par 
\par * Thanks To *
\par 
\par The members of ttlg.com, especially Bumbleson, R Soul, Yandros
, Shadowspawn, Spike14, Mortal Monkey, greg9001, Jocke, mopgoblin, Rob Hicks, Gaylesaver, John D, Komag, Thorin Oakenshield, Gingerbread Man, YcatX, Yametha, Salvage, golem8, jbyrd23, Thief13x, sluggs, Lady Rowena, salass00, and EmperorSteele for answerin
g my questions or providing ideas.
\par 
\par * Credits *
\par }{\insrsid7881038 
\par }{\insrsid8061677 New cloud deck, pipe models, barrels, crate, footlockers, }{\insrsid11021593 spider webs}{\insrsid8061677  and lights by Vigil.  Pipes }{\insrsid11021593 retextured}{\insrsid8061677  by Jason Otto.}{\insrsid7881038   The di
stant art is based on the distant art from Enter the Maelstrom by Morrgan and Vigil, it has been remade, but served as my starting point}{\insrsid12873791 , }{\insrsid6956943 and thus}{\insrsid12873791  it has the same name}{\insrsid7881038 .}{
\insrsid8061677   The moon image and f}{\insrsid7881038 lying raven by Nameless Voice.  The new fire bitmaps are originally by Yandros, a second version based on them is also used.  }{\insrsid8061677 
Many objects from the Thief 2 Enhancement package, these include the new switches, buttons, electrical gizmos, furniture, trapdoors, food, loot and many others.  New objects by Jason Otto include new bedding textures, new textures for cabinets and }{
\insrsid2883617 v}{\insrsid6956943 ictorian}{\insrsid8061677  furniture, new doors and door knobs, new visibility gem textures, new drape models, new banners and }{\insrsid6956943 tapestries}{\insrsid8061677 
, new key textures, new pressure door texture, new lost city bridge texture, and new ivy textures for the vine objects.}{\insrsid6959102   The new compass by Sluggs.}{\insrsid8061677 
  The new terrain textures are taken exclusively from Thief: Deadly Shadows.  In the absence of A T3 EULA I assume redistribution in not for profit mods is allowed so long as I recognize that I
 used these materials, since a T3 editor was released it would make sense.  This mission contains texture from Max Payne by Remedy Inc.  As well this mission uses textures from the }{\insrsid6956943 photo real}{\insrsid8061677 
 texture pack compiled by BernyBoy.  Some textures came from Mayang's free textures, http://www.mayang.com/textures/.  New music is }{\insrsid8220714 \'93}{\insrsid8061677 Tones}{\insrsid9663564 \'94}{\insrsid8061677 
 by Eric Brosius, originally from Thief: Deadly Shadows.}{\insrsid12219341   This mission uses scripts by Gaylesaver (version 1.2.0) and Telliamed (version 1.5.4).}{\insrsid8061677 
\par 
\par * More Thanks To: Original Version Testers *
\par 
\par My beta testers, EmperorSteele, Slipknot and Griffin
\par 
\par * New Version Testers *
\par 
\par The Phantom, Splashcups}{\insrsid2883617 , Taffer36, Silent Warrior and Hipbreaker}{\insrsid8061677 
\par }{\insrsid8481344 
\par *  Translations *
\par 
\par Italian translation by Game Italian Translation, }{\field{\*\fldinst {\insrsid8481344  HYPERLINK "}{\insrsid8481344\charrsid8481344 http://www.multiplayer.it/git/}{\insrsid8481344 " }{\insrsid11537696 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001f00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d0075006c007400690070006c0061007900650072002e00690074002f006700690074002f000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700
770077002e006d0075006c007400690070006c0061007900650072002e00690074002f006700690074002f000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\ul\cf2\insrsid8481344\charrsid14711676 http://www.multiplayer.it/git/}}}{\insrsid8481344 , additional translation by Lady Rowena.
\par }{\insrsid75339 
\par }{\insrsid8061677 ===============================================================
\par }{\insrsid8481344 
\par }{\insrsid8061677 * Copyright Information *
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as lon}{\insrsid6956943 g as it is free and the package }{\insrsid8061677 is kept intact.  Feel free to include this mission in FM collection disks as}{\insrsid6956943  }{\insrsid8061677 
long as they are not intended to generate profit.
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Lo}{\insrsid6956943 oking Glass Studios or Eidos }{\insrsid8061677 Interactive.
\par 
\par * Legal Disclaimer *
\par 
\par The textures in this file are property of Remedy Entertain}{\insrsid6956943 ment Ltd., and can be used only }{\insrsid8061677 as long as the work is recognized as original artwork by }{\insrsid6956943 Remedy, and no financial profit }{\insrsid8061677 
is made in the process. 
\par 
\par (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.
\par      
\par }}