{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f31\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f33\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1715240366\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li2520\jclisttab\tx2520 }{\listname ;}\listid1453162115}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1453162115\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info
{\title =============================================================}{\author Preferred Customer}{\operator Ben Ramsey}{\creatim\yr2004\mo1\dy25\hr18\min54}{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy19\hr13\min50}{\version16}{\edmins98}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords838}
{\nofchars4781}{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1321\margr1321\margt1134\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs28 Title\tab \tab :\tab }{\b\f0\fs28\cf2 Gussie\rquote s Dream}{\b\f0\fs28 
\par }{\f0 
\par File Name\tab :\tab Gussie\rquote s Dream.zip 
\par Author\tab \tab :\tab The Dude (Philip Shepherd) 
\par Contact info\tab :\tab origami_phyllis@yahoo.co.uk 
\par Date of release\tab :\tab February 29th 2004
\par Version\tab \tab :\tab 1.0
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\fs22 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs24 Story
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\i\f0 Whilst spending a weekend with Aunt Agatha, Gussie Fink-Nottle has fallen head over 
\par heels in love with the fey Madeline Bassett. However, Bertie Wooster is also staying 
\par with the aging relative and Gussie is highly suspicious of Bertie\rquote s motives since  until
\par  very recently Bertie and Madeline were engaged to be married. 
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\i\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\i\f0 The household has now retired to bed but despite Anatole\rquote s best efforts Gussie is 
\par having a bad night and is embroiled in a worrysome dream\'85}{\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs24 Play Information:
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Game\tab \tab \tab  : Thief 2: The Metal Age
\par Level Name \tab \tab  : Gussie\rquote s Dream
\par File name \tab \tab  : miss20.mis, Idea.gam
\par Difficulty Settings\tab  : Tinky-Winky, Big Drinky, Bit Stinky
\par Equipment store\tab \tab  : No
\par Map/Automap\tab \tab  : No
\par New graphics\tab \tab  : Yes (Dedx)
\par New sounds\tab \tab  : Yes
\par New conversations\tab  : No
\par New models\tab \tab  : Yes (Dedx)
\par EAX Support\tab \tab  : Yes
\par Multi language support\tab  : Nein/ Non.
\par Briefing\tab \tab \tab  : Do you often suffer short term memory loss?
\par Objectives\tab \tab  : See in-game.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs24 Construction:
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0\cf1 Base\tab \tab : From scratch
\par Build Time\tab : I have no life. Dromed has sucked it out of me.
\par Map Size\tab : 8 x 40 x 40 x 40 cubes.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs24 Loading Information:
\par }\pard \s15\qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Runs from Dark Loader.  Leave the file ZIPPED - DO NOT UNZIP this file,
\par but put the whole "Posh Assault Course.zip" file into your Thief 2 mission folder 
\par then in Darkloader setup, point to thisfolder, and the mission should show up 
\par in the Darkloader main screen.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\qc\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0\fs24 Playing Tips (And Apologies):
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Difficulty Level:   It is always problematic setting the difficulty level in a mission,
\par especially as I wanted to make this a challenge. I hope players do not find it too 
\par frustating and persevere. By the time I had an opportunity to beta-test the mission 
\par I was sick to death of it and could not bring myself to make any major changes so 
\par I\rquote m afraid it will remain as it is warts and all. My best advice is to save often!
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Apologies to those who find the level frustrating.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Jumps:   Some of the jumps in the mission are pretty nasty, but they are all needless 
\par to say possible. Keeping your finger on the forward button seems to sometimes help
\par Gussie gain purchase. If you keep failing then maybe a new tack is required.
\par Apologies for this.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Bouncy Ropes:   You may encounter \ldblquote bouncy rope\rdblquote  syndrome during the misssion. I
\par know Idid (and my keyboard bears the scars). There is no known cure for this, however
\par keeping your finger on the forward button sometimes seems to help you gain purchase.
\par Blame Thief for this one.
\par N.B You can save suspended on a rope arrow but may need to press forward to stay on
\par it as the level reloads. 
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Moving Platforms:   Moving platforms feature in this level and can be a mite tricky. Ensure
\par that you are on them before saving or attempting to jump from them. If you do not hear a
\par satisfying metallic sound when you land on one then I recommend you try again, especially 
\par if you need to jump any distance from it. The best time to jump from a moving platform is in
\par the split second it changes direction. If you jump while it is moving Gussie has the same
\par forward momentum that the platform does which usually results in a nasty fall and a painful
\par death. 
\par I blame Thief for this one too.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Undead:   I hate undead (and would never include them without adequate means to dispatch
\par them in a totally gratuitous fashion \endash  that is a hint).
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Objectives:   The idiot who designed this level forgot to give the player the ability to move 
\par back and forth between areas. Thus once you have left an area by fulfilling the main 
\par objective there is no way back. To prevent PC\rquote s being hurled out of windows in frustation 
\par I have made the extra objectives on the two harder difficulty setiings optional. I am abject.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Secrets:   The secrets in this level might be a little tricky to find. I have tried to place little
\par clues as to their location in each applicable area. Remember that everything has a purpose.
\par I am still abject.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 End:   The mission does end correctly\'85\'85. Oh yes it does!
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Gamma Setting:   For best results play this mission in the dark with th gamma set just below
\par half way.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Picked Pocket Count WTF?:   Don\rquote t ask me. Me no understandy either.
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 
\par }{\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li3600\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 Credits:
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 Thanks to everyone who helped create the Thief universe and keeps it alive today. You all 
\par had a hand in creating this mission . Thanks especially to Komag for his tutorial (without
\par which this mission would not exist \endash  so you can blame him!) and for hosting this contest
\par and to all those who answered my endless qustions on the forums, you know who you are\'85.
\par Well actually you don\rquote t at the moment do you. D\rquote Oh!
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f0 Copyright Information:
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 This level is \'a92004 by The Dude (Philip Shepherd). Anyone who distributes this level without my permission
\par will be shot. I will hunt you down like a dog.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \s15\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 This level was not made by and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos
\par Interactive.
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par Roll on Thief 3.
\par }\pard \s15\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\f0 =============================================================
\par }}