{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ri1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title =============================================================}{\author Sara Joel}{\operator Andy Joel}{\creatim\yr2005\mo7\dy23\hr23\min15}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy16\hr20\min50}
{\version28}{\edmins240}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords511}{\nofchars2913}{\*\company Pixie Productions}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale135 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ri1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid {\f1\fs20 
=============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs32 MechBank }{\i\f1\fs32 v1.0}{\b\f1\fs32 
\par }{\f1\fs20 By }{\i\f1\fs20 The Pixie
\par the_pix@hotmail.com}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Play Notes
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf2 This mission is set part way through }{\i\f1\fs20\cf2 Thief: The Metal Age}{\f1\fs20\cf2 , shortly after }{\i\f1\fs20\cf2 First City Bank and Trust}{\f1\fs20\cf2 
, which is about all you need to know to play the mission. There is no background to read, you can just play the game...
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf13 MechBank was the prize-winning }{\f1\fs20\cf13 entry}{\f1\fs20\cf13  for a competition for novices in September 2005. TO conform to the rules, it is built entirely inside a 1 000 000 sq foot box, and is about breaking into a bank. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\cf13 Difficulty levels}{\f1\fs20\cf13 : Besides the differences between the dif
ficulty levels that are those built into Thief, there are a small number of differences relating to AIs. The objectives and plot are identical; all areas are accessible on all levels.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\cf13 Objectives}{\f1\fs20\cf13 : This mission is all about breaking into a bank vault. That is, essentially, all you have to do. The loot requirement is such that breaking into the vault is necessary \endash 
 but no other loot is required. This is a mission, not a shopping trip; it should have a single purpose. There }{\i\f1\fs20\cf13 is}{\f1\fs20\cf13  loot to be found elsewhere, but o
nly in places you might reasonably expect to find loot; no need to check down every toilet...
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\cf13 Keys}{\f1\fs20\cf13 : Garrett is a master thief; you will find that there are no keys anywhere in this mission, he can pick the all locks he might need to.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\cf13 Puzzles}{\f1\fs20\cf13 : This missio
n contains three puzzles. The first is vital to completing the mission; if you are playing on "No hope" and you get stuck, play on an easier level to get find more clues. There is also an arithmetic puzzle for a hidden (and so optional) objective that is 
more tricky at higher levels (much more tricky at "No Hope"). The third puzzle is rather more straightforward, but again is optional.
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par Any feedback will be appreciated, either though TTLG or by e-mail to the_pix@hotmail.com.
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Play Information
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Game}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab \tab  : Thief 2: The Metal Age
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Level Name }{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : MechBank
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 File name }{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : miss19.mis, mechbank.gam
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Difficulty Settings}{\f1\fs20 \tab  : Easy-peasy, So-so, No hope
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Equipment store}{\f1\fs20 \tab  : No
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Map/Automap}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : Yes (but not at the start)/No
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 New graphics}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : Yes
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 New sounds}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : Yes
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 New conversations}{\f1\fs20 \tab  : No
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 New models}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : Yes (DEDx)
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 EAX Support}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab  : No
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Multi language support}{\f1\fs20 \tab  : No, English only
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Briefing}{\f1\fs20 \tab \tab \tab  : No
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Credits \endash  People who have helped me directly with this mission:
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Voices
\par }{\f1\fs20 TheNightTerror: Put in a lot of effort with certain custom voices that sound just like the originals to me.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Beta-testing and Associated Advice
\par }{\f1\fs20 maloo
\par marycymbach
\par ... and especially ffox for suggests on how to fix various problems
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Additional Beta-testers
\par }{\f1\fs20 Krush the Second
\par Asgaroth
\par 
\par As a general comment I think it is great how people in the DromEd community will help each other, given that none of the above had any idea how serious I was and what state the mission might be in or even whether it would ever see the light of day.
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Other Credits
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 General Advice
\par }{\f1\fs20 Komag for the tutorial that got me started
\par spike14 for the tutorial that was my first point of reference once I was going
\par ottoj55 for running the competition and putting up the prizes
\par The TTLG TEG forum for when all else failed
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20 Custom objects from DEDx, etc.
\par }{\f1\fs20 Rob Hicks \endash  Putting together DEDX
\par Rob Hicks and Daemonite \endash  Custom AIs
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Copyright Information
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ri1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang2057\cgrid This level is \'a92005 The Pixie. This level was not made by and is not supported by Looking Glass
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid {\f1\fs20 Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par }}