{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f60\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f61\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f63\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f64\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f65\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f66\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f67\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f69\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f70\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f71\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Terry & Sherry}{\operator Terry dElANEY}{\creatim\yr2006\mo6\dy13\hr16\min47}
{\revtim\yr2010\mo7\dy9\hr9\min9}{\version21}{\edmins47}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords331}{\nofchars1890}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale114\viewzk2 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 {Bad Blood, v3.0
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }{\f1 This version includes numerous fixes, mostly dealing with texture and room brushing issues.
\par I also added more loot to make the loot objective a bit easier. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Author           \tab : Terry DeLaney
\par Contact info       : ricebug@cableone.net
\par Date of release\tab : 08/2006 (Original) 07/2010 (Version update)
\par ________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\i\f1 Bad Blood}{\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid0 :}{\f1\lang2057\cgrid0  You have business in the sleepy town of Airsdale. Unfortunately, a serial rapist and 
\par murderer has been on the loose, and the town folk are demanding the perp be found. The local 
\par boys lay the blame on you. Thrown in jail and facing execution, you escape with only the clothes
\par on your back. Alone, penniless, and hunted, you have 3 priorities: get your equipment back, steal
\par the town blind, and find and kill the real perp. 
\par }{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Technical advice}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 : Players with slow machines may have trouble due to the large outdoor areas.
\par ________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Playing Information
\par }{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par Game                   \tab : Thief : The Metal Age
\par Mission Title          \tab : }{\f1 Bad Blood}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par File Name            \tab : miss21.mis
\par Difficulty Settings     \tab : Yes
\par Equipment Store        \tab : No
\par Map                    \tab : Yes
\par Auto Map             \tab : No
\par New Graphics        \tab : No
\par New Sounds             \tab : No
\par New Textures\tab \tab : Sluggs, LemogVeg, Vigil, DrK, }{\f1 Laurent Antoine, & Graphic Detail}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par New music\tab \tab : No
\par Multi-Language Support \tab : No
\par Briefing               \tab : Yes
\par Difficulty Level Info  \tab : Normal, Hard and Expert
\par Construction :\tab \tab : From scratch
\par Base                   \tab : No
\par Build Time              \tab : 8 months
\par ________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Credits}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f1 Sluggs, Vigil, DrK, & Laurent Antoine for custom textures and skins.
\par Studio of Schwaa for custom objects.
\par Beta Testing: SirFreddieM & Hard Bop
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\i\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 One Way or Another}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0  by Blondie. Copyright 10/01/02 Capitol Records.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Technical Info
\par }{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par Intro briefing made with Adobe Premier
\par Audio Processing done with Sound Forge 
\par  
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Loading Information }{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Place this zip file in the folder where you keep your other Fan Missions. Run from DarkLoader
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 Copyright Information}{\f1\lang1036\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may include this level in any map pack without my permission. You may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission.
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par }}