{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Franklin Gothic Book;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs32 Title:Unnecessary Risk\par
Author: SlyFoxx\par
Contact Info: murkman@hotmail.com\par
Homepage: none\par
Date of Release: November 29, 2007\par
Version: 1\par
\par
\par
\f1\par
\f0 Description: A Thief 2 Fan Mission  \par
                       This is the sequel to "A Friend In Need."\par
                       It's not necessary to play AFIN first but it is recommended.\par
\b0\par
\par
\b Briefing:  You've broken into the law offices of Dewey, Cheatem & Howe in order\par
                  to discover the location of Lord Bafford's new summer residence.  Now that\par
                  you have it, it's time to pay the place a visit.  It's really an unnecessary risk\par
                  as you don't need the money...but hey...it's another chance to piss off\par
                  Lord Bafford!\par
\par
                  No sense in waiting...It's time to begin.\i  \par
\par
\i0\par
Note From SlyFoxx:  If you cause a lot of commotion in certain locations and/or knock out \par
                                      certain AI, you'll be missing out on key bits of information.  So if you \par
                                      plan to run around like this is Unreal Tournament don't be surprised if \par
                                      you get surprised or can't find most of the loot!  That said, there are things\par
                                      in this mission that you can only experience if you are a bloodthirsty taffer\par
                                      who likes to slice people up! \par
\par
                                     If you get up in the guard towers and look back towards the main house\par
                                     you'll be getting a view that will test the limits of the game engine.  I have\par
                                     experienced no crashes but do suggest a quick save before doing so.\par
\par
                                     There are some AI conversations in this mission.  They are triggered by\par
                                     something called a Bounds Trigger.  The trigger is destroyed \i almost \i0\par
                                     immediatly after it does its thing so the conversation only plays once.\par
                                     What that means to you is that if you keep moving while inside the\par
                                     trigger area before it gets destroyed the conversation will keep starting\par
                                     over.  So if you just hold still for a few seconds everything will be good.\par
\par
                                     As is often the case the pick pocket stats at the end of the mission are\par
                                     incorrect.  The correct total is 9.\par
\par
                                    This mission is not very difficult.  It's not supposed to be.  It almost didn't\par
                                    get finished but I had promised a sequel to "A Friend In Need" and I do\par
                                    my best to keep my promises.  It also served as a learning experience as to\par
                                    how to implement more "fancy DromEd stuff."  So though the game-play\par
                                    is on the easy side this is by far the most complex and challenging mission\par
                                    I have ever released from a design standpoint.  \par
\par
                                   \i\par
\i0\par
\par
\par
\par
CONSTRUCTION \par
\par
Base: My Contest 5 mission..."Bafford's Bone Collection"\par
\par
Build Time: I don't know but my butt is sore.\b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Credits:  \par
\par
             Custom Textures: Vigil\b0        \b http://thief.washboardabs.net/news/ \par
\b0                                               \b Nameless Voice       http://www.geocities.com/nameless_voice/\par
                                              MaJiC   Tudor house textures\par
\par
\b0              \par
              \b Custom Objects: Nameless Voice\par
                                             Vigil\par
                                             Sluggs\par
                                             Rob Hicks (DromEd Deluxe)\par
\b0\par
             \b Helpful Tech Help:  R Soul\par
                                                Nameless Voice\par
                                                Yandros\par
                                                Sluggs\par
                                                John9818a\par
\par
            Bafford Archers & Map provided by Digital Nightfall\b0\par
\par
            \b Custom Voices: SlyFoxx\par
             \par
            AVI & Music:  SlyFoxx\par
\par
            Custom Scripts:  Telliamed.   tnhScript Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom N Harris \par
                                                               <telliamed@whoopdedo.cjb.net>\par
                                                               All Rights Reserved. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \par
                                                              "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER \par
                                                               EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.\par
                                                                  \par
\par
\par
           Testers:  Nightwalker, Digital Nightfall, Peter (smithpd) Smith & Nameless Voice\par
           \par
           Special thanks to: Saam Tariverdi & Daniel (Digital Nightfall) Todd for \par
                                            that little chunk of cyberspace known as www.ttlg.com\par
                                                               \par
                                            MsLedd  (TTLG Server Goddess)  for the extra time.\par
\par
                                            Jason (epithumia) Tibbets...for Thief Missions...may he return to us soon.\par
                                                               \par
                                            All the good folks from Looking Glass Studios\par
                                                 \par
                                           The Keeper Of Metal And Gold\par
                                                          \par
                                           The Circle Of Stone And Shadow\par
\par
                                           W.T. Smithers...burgers, beer & happy hour mayhem\par
\par
                                          Frobber, Purah, Belboz, Saturnine, AsyluM, Doaal, \par
                                          Gaetane, Silent Sleep, Kung Fu Gecko, Trimfect, Lord Alan,\par
                                          The Gingerbread Man, Sledge, Thorin Oakenshield,\par
                                          Shadowspawn, Lady Rowena, Don Mazur, Uncadonego,\par
                                          Eshaktaar, Thiefs_Pawn, Gumdrop, Sperry, Schwaa, \par
                                          Banshee, Morrgan, Twisty, Metalhead, John D., Dark Angel,\par
                                          Gonchong, William The Taffer, Apache, Yandros, R Soul, Totality\par
                                          Sluggs, Sliptip, Fidical, The_Dude, Dashjianta, mad god, RiCh, Mokkis\par
                                          Hit Diety, Hengist, Yametha and every other taffer out there who \par
                                          had what it takes to wrangle a mission out of the evil little program \par
                                          known as...(Nope! It's dangerous to even speak its name!)\par
   \par
                                                              \par
                                                     \par
Darkloader ready.\par
Do not unzip! -- Place in your Fan Mission folder and install using Darkloader. \par
\par
\par
\par
====================================================================\par
\par
* Copyright Information *\par
\par
Copyright (c) November, 2007  "SlyFoxx"  \par
\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package\par
is kept intact. You may include this level in any map pack as long as this \par
copyright statement is distributed intact.  If you were charged for this mission\par
contact me via email and provide the link or necessary information about who\par
sold it to you.  Me and a few others will fix his/her little red wagon!  \par
\par
THIS FAN MISSION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF \par
ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos \par
Interactive. \par
}
 