{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f108\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f110\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f111\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f112\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f113\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f114\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}{\f116\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}
{\f117\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f118\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f16\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f16\fs28\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright 
\b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s18\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f15\fs20\lang1040\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 Document Map;}}{\info{\title                          }
{\author Adriana}{\operator Adriana}{\creatim\yr2007\mo11\dy24\hr6\min4}{\revtim\yr2008\mo1\dy11\min49}{\version38}{\edmins118}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords2828}{\nofchars16122}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1134\margr1134\margt1417\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz283\hyphcaps0\doctype1\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\lang1040\cgrid {\b0\fs28                                       
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\lang1040\cgrid {\b0\fs28                                            }{\fs32 THE SEVEN SISTERS
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par                                    }{\b\f16\fs22 A THREE MISSION SERIES FOR THIEF 2 BY LADY ROWENA
\par }{\f16\fs22  
\par                                                 Contact info\tab         xladyrowena@yahoo.it
\par                                                 Date of release\tab         11/1/2008
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22                                                 Version\tab                      2.0
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs28          
\par                       WARNING! - PLEASE READ BEFORE PLAYING!
\par         
\par }{\f16\fs22             If you have the Thief  Enhancement Pack installed a crash may occur, due to the massive use of custom
\par             resources, when loading Night Three.
\par             The crash can be avoided by saving in the debrief screen of the previous mission, quitting the game, then 
\par             restarting it and loading the save.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid {\f16             
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par                                 }{\b\f16\fs24 ADULT WARNING 
\par }\pard \fi426\li851\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22             Some of the content is of an adult nature so these missions may not be suitable for children.
\par 
\par             }{\b\f16\fs24 Changes in version 2:
\par 
\par            }{\f16\fs22 I hope to have fixed Basso\rquote s freezing bug when he is released. If the bug still shows up remember to not 
\par             leave corpses in his sight and to save in another slot BEFORE releasing him.
\par 
\par             Added some objects from Nameless Voice\rquote s  Thief Enhancement Pack recently released. 
\par 
\par             Corrected a pair of errors in the readables and made some minor adjusting
\par .
\par               
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\lang1040\cgrid {                              INFORMATION - HINTS
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par              This mini campaign, which is composed of a short prologue and three missions, was initially meant to be
\par              only one FM. Since it got a bit out of hand, I had to divide it into three parts: Night One, Night Two and
\par              Night Three.
\par 
\par              You should, however, still think of it as if it were one. The first two levels take place in the same little town
\par              that you will have to visit on two consecutive nights. Most of the significant places that you will visit on
\par              Night One are closed to you on Night Two and you will have access to different buildings.
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {             Lockpicks
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22              On Night One you will have only one lockpick, so don't go crazy searching for the other one. Some of the
\par              locks can only be picked half-way open on Night One. You will be able to finish opening them on Night 
\par              Two.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {             Doors
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22              If a door doesn't highlight and doesn't make any sound when hit, it means that it will never open, at least
\par              during the current level.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {             AI's
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22              There are a few interactive AI's, which means that they highlight and that you have to click (or use the "use"
\par               key) on them. You can do this whether they are alerted or not.
\par              Be warned though, that you will not be able to pick them up if you kill or blackjack them. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22                                        DESCRIPTION
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par             A few months have passed since Garrett helped Basso and Jenivere escape together. They are now happily 
\par             married and have settled down in a small town close to the city: East Fording,  where Basso decided to open 
\par             a locksmithing shop.  
\par 
\par             Shortly thereafter, Basso invited Garrett to spend a few days at his home.  Garrett accepted the invitation 
\par             and received a reply the next day.
\par 
\par                     }{\i\f16\fs24 "Garrett,
\par 
\par             Jenivere and I are thrilled that you will be spending time with us.  As mentioned in the invitation, we will be
\par              waiting for you at the Carnival which is scheduled to begin in 20 days.
\par            I can't wait to see you again. I miss the good old days.  I also have a suggestion: leave your "work tools" at
\par            home...let's have some fun instead!
\par            Your affectionate friends,
\par 
\par                        Jenivere and Basso
\par 
\par            P.S. We have had two or three cases of plague in town recently, therefore the city council has decided to
\par            impose a curfew.  This will most likely be settled within a few days, but just in case it isn't, I have enclosed a 
\par            map of my house.  There is a  hidden passageway just outside the city walls that was once used by smugglers.
\par           The exit is in my storage hut, and from there you will be able to enter the city without being seen."
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22     
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par                       }{\b\f16\fs24 PLAY INFORMATIONS 
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par            Game:\tab \tab \tab        Thief 2: The Metal Age
\par            Level Names:\tab \tab        Prologue, Night One, Night Two, Night Three
\par            File names:\tab \tab         miss21.mis, miss22.mis, miss23.mis, miss24.mis.
\par            Difficulty Settings:                    Yes
\par            Equipment store:\tab \tab         No
\par            Map/Automap:\tab \tab         Yes/No
\par            New graphics:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            New sounds:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            New models:\tab \tab         Yes
\par            EAX Support:\tab \tab         No
\par            Multi language support:\tab         English, Italian
\par            Briefing:\tab \tab                      Yes
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par           Construction 
\par 
\par           Base:\tab \tab                      From scratch
\par           Map Size:\tab                                   Medium/Large
\par           Build Time:\tab                      An embarrassing amount of time which I prefer not to mention.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22  
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22                       MANY THANKS TO:
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs22             Early alphatesting: }{\b\f16\fs22 Doaal}{\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par             Early betatesters for Night One and Night Two: }{\b\f16\fs22 Doaal, Nightwalker, Peter Smith and The Night Terror}{\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid {\f16             Betatesters: }{\b\f16 ffox, nightshifter, Nightwalker, Peter Smith, Preno, Silent_Warrior, theBlackman, The 
\par             Night Terror.}{\f16 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par             Thanks to }{\b\f16\fs22 Doaal, theBlackman, The Night Terror, Nightwalker and Bernie}{\f16\fs22 , who corrected my books
\par             and made sure they made sense. ;)
\par 
\par             Thanks to }{\b\f16\fs22 theBlackman}{\f16\fs22  for the name of East Fording and other suggestions.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {           Thanks to all the wonderful people of The Editor Guild Forums; without their help this mission
\par             would never have seen the light of the day.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par            Special thanks to: }{\b\f16\fs22 Avalon, fidcal, Hit Deity, John9818a, mortal monkey, nightshifter, Ottoj55,
\par            Nameless Voice,  R Soul, Shadowspawn, sluggs,  Sterlino, TF, Vigil, yandros}{\f16\fs22  for their precious 
\par            suggestions.
\par 
\par            A lot of thanks to }{\b\f16\fs22 Doaal}{\f16\fs22  for his continuous helping, encouragement, patience and friendship. 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp300 \outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f16\fs28\lang1040\cgrid {                            }{\fs32 CREDITS
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                   SCRIPTS by Telliamed
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                 TEXTURES
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            David Gurrea Hernandez, Gob, Targa, PhotoRealistic, Purah, Timothy Andrew Wilson (_unDuLe),
\par           Mayang's Free Textures, Vigil }{\f16\fs22 (www.washboardabs.net/thief/. 
\par 
\par           Additional textures from the games: }{\b\f16\fs22 Deus Ex, Max Payne, MOHAA, Painkiller, RTCW, Rune, Splinter 
\par           Cell, The Wheel of Time, Undying, Unreal, Unreal Tournament.
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par            I also "borrowed" some clothes texture details from the FM's }{\b\f16\fs22 "Curiosity"}{\f16\fs22  and }{\b\f16\fs22 "Calendra\rquote s Legacy"}{\f16\fs22 .   
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                OBJECTS
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            Caffeinatedzombeh: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           model for custom secret doors and furniture, open book model.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Dark Arrow}{\f16\fs22 : http://koti.mbnet.fi/~darkar/ 
\par           chains, barchair(texture modified).
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Dhin}{\f16\fs22 : www.angelfire.com/id/Dhin/ 
\par           Surgery knives.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Ernie: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           Wall Lamp2X
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Eshaktaar: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           donuts, organ, custom flames, hanging lamp, facelite,  Karras' poster, new switches, improved lost city light, lc
\par           canopic jar.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           G'len: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           grates (texture modified), test tubes, Gjar, Printing Press 
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Jonquilis: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           bottles, mortar.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           mkadlec:}{\f16\fs22  http://flatstory.wz.cz/
\par           scale.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {          Mrys
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22           Big wine cask.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Naks & tdbonko: 
\par }{\f16\fs22           Phanter statue, Sarah.
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            Nameless Voice:}{\f16\fs22  www.geocities.com/nameless_voice/ 
\par            Lanterns, tables, piano, spider chest, Aztec Priestess, Gas Lamp, bookcases, round table, cheese, sausages,
\par            pocket watch, mantel watch, NVTrSphere, magnify, coffin, blacksmith.
\par            Improved original objects: sword, detailed sword, dagger, Constantine sword, weapon display case, barrels, 
\par            potions, candles, grey book, ground emergency Light, goblets, gems, potions, bottles, Ramirez furniture, 
\par            necklace, sandbag, flashbomb, brazier, banner, bread, fine wine, bucket, necklace, gold plate, pews, mecpews. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {           Nielsen74
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22            BakersPallet, carpenter hammer, teacup, teaplate, bowl, dead tree.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Ottoj55: }{\f16\fs22 www.jasonotto.net/index.html 
\par           Grouped pipes, milk bottles.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {          PinkDot
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22           Tables, chandelier, torches, bookcase. 
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22           Raetsel:}{\f16\fs22  www20.brinkster.com/raetsel/thief/thief.html
\par            Bird and fountain.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            Rob Hicks: 
\par }{\f16\fs22             microscope, beer mug
\par   
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            R Soul}{\f16\fs22 : http://mysite.wanadoo-members.co.uk/another_website/index.html
\par            wall spotlight, whip, guards without helmet, wheelbarrow  
\par            Improved pipes, turbines, bell, chandelier, roulette table and lights.
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            Shadowspawn:}{\f16\fs22  www.angelfire.com/games4/shadowspawn/
\par            coffee pot, coffee mug
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22            Schwaa:}{\f16\fs22  http://208.49.149.120/schwaa/index.html
\par             anvil, grouped books, crowbar (excuse me for the use I made of it), lit candle, portable candle lantern, oil
\par             lamp, quill-pen set, screen wall(texture modified), square lantern, potbelly stove, trash can.
\par             Improved sewer light and decorative vase.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {            Sliptip
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22             Porticullis and grates.
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Sluggs}{\f16\fs22 : http://homepage.ntlworld.com/vaughn.cooper/
\par             d-light,trough(texture modified), stool, park bench, bag, black hat, bucket with water(texture modified),
\par             canoe, worms, crates, cart with hay, big cart
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Targa:}{\f16\fs22  (www.grax.org/targa) 
\par             domes used as lamps (I hope he will forgive me for that ;), steak, crystal ball, fat noble, fat maids, fat guard,
\par             new guy, metal footlocker, ratchet, locktarg,  bladex, silver dagger, the blade, swordx, nailed scroll, sink 
\par             faucet, zchest, metal crate, crystals, crystal seeds, ropecrate, long chain, wine barrel, radiator, potions, bath 
\par              tub.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             The Watcher}{\f16\fs22 : ntorch 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Vigil}{\f16\fs22  (www.washboardabs.net/thief/):
\par              lights, railings, footlocker, seachest, books, blueshaft
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Von Eins}{\f16\fs22 : 
\par               basket, rocking horse, clock, cuckoo clock, stripped tree. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Yandros}{\f16\fs22    http://www.wearytaffer.com/
\par              Metal shelf, food trays
\par  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Special thanks to Nameless Voice, Nielsen74, Ottoj55 and R Soul, and who created unique objects 
\par              just for me. :-)
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Also thanks to Eshaktaar for giving me the permission to use his fabulous recruiting poster.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                            VOICE ACTING
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {             Nightwalker           }{\b0 as Mrs.Dowson.}{
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\b\f16\fs22             Random_Taffer}{\f16\fs22       as Basso
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             The Night Terror}{\f16\fs22    as Jenivere  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Yandros}{\f16\fs22                   as "Keef"
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             CUSTOM MOTIONS by Weyoun and Shadowspawn.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\b\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                          MUSIC AND SOUNDS
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Robert Fox}{\f16\fs22  - Maya2           free sample from www.eurock.com
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Cyclotimia }{\f16\fs22 - Liturgy
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Gor }{\f16\fs22 - Sulphuraria               free samples from www.gothic.ru
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Corvus Corax}{\f16\fs22  - Titenka 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {            Atrium Carceri
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22                  Ruins of desolation      
\par                  Blue Moon
\par                  Corridor
\par                  Reborn
\par                  Entrance                                                 free samples from www.coldmeat.com  
\par                  Entrance(2)
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Letum}{\f16\fs22  - Broken                      
\par   
\par }{\b\f16\fs22             Megaptera}{\f16\fs22  - Sludgy Heads Found In A Handbag
\par 
\par   
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Christoph Haas}{\f16\fs22  - Lux Stellarum
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Velvet Underground}{\f16\fs22  - Venus in Furs
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Seamus Begley}{\f16\fs22  - Donncha Lynch's
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Steve Roach}{\f16\fs22  - Airtribes
\par }{\b\f16\fs22              Tangerine Dream}{\f16\fs22  - Movements Of A Visionary
\par 
\par              Other sounds from the games: }{\b\f16\fs22 Blood, Rune, Undying, The Wheel of Time}{\f16\fs22 .
\par              Shaman Woman ported from }{\b\f16\fs22 Thief: Deadly Shadows}{\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid {\b\f16                           Additional thanks to:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               Avalon }{\f16\fs22 for Thief Objective Wizard.  
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               Mad Bull}{\f16\fs22  for Str-Converter.
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               Rob Hicks}{\f16\fs22  for DEDX
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               Shadowspawn }{\f16\fs22 for the Motion Database.
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               Thorin Oakenshield }{\f16\fs22 for Thief 2 Objects List.}{\b\f16\fs22 
\par 
\par               The Looking Glass for making a fabulous game like Thief.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs22 
\par                          }{\b\f16\fs22 Copyright Information 
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par               This level was made by Lady Rowena (A.M.I)
\par 
\par               Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include
\par               this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.
\par 
\par               This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par 
\par               ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f16\fs28\lang1040\cgrid {                             }{\fs32 ITALIANO
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {              Come installare la Missione: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par              Se usate la versione 4.3 di Darkloader (cosa che consiglio) non dovete far altro che porre la missione zippata
\par               nella cartella che usate di solito. Quindi avviate Darkloader e selezionate Italiano nel men\'f9.
\par               Sconsiglio di usare la versione 4.2, sembra che possiate scegliere la lingua, ma non \'e8 cos\'ec, vi ritroverete i file
\par               sparpagliati qua e l\'e0 senza sapere dove andarli a pescare.
\par              Se usate la versione 4.1 o precedenti procedete in questo modo: installate la missione scegliendo "install 
\par               only", quindi chiudete Darkloader e andate nella cartella dove avete installato Thief2. Trovate e aprite la
\par               cartella "books", quindi rinominate la cartella "English" come volete e cambiate il nome della cartella 
\par               "Italian" con "English".
\par               Per leggere gli obiettivi in italiano: Aprite la cartella "Intrface", dentro vi troverete le cartelle miss21, miss22,
\par               miss23, miss24. Aprite "miss21" e ripetete l'operazione che avete fatto prima, scambiando e rinominando le 
\par               cartelle English e Italian.
\par               Ripetete il tutto con le cartelle miss22, miss23 e miss24.
\par 
\par 
\par                      }{\b\f16\fs28 ATTENZIONE! - PER FAVORE LEGGERE PRIMA DI GIOCARE!
\par }{\f16\fs22                
\par               Se avete installato il Thief  Enhancement Pack si potrebbe verificare un crash, dovuto all\rquote uso massiccio
\par               di risorse personalizzate, durante il caricamento di Night Three.
\par               Potete evitare che ci\'f2 avvenga salvando il gioco durante la schermata di caricamento della missione 
\par               precedente ed arrestando il gioco. Riavviare quindi Thief 2 e richiamare la partita salvata.
\par 
\par 
\par                                }{\b\f16\fs22 AVVISO CONTENUTI
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par               Per alcune situazioni, contenuti ed immagini potreste considerare queste missioni non adatte ai bambini. 
\par 
\par                               }{\b\f16\fs24 Cambiamenti nella seconda versione
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22               }{\f16\fs22 Spero di aver posto rimedio al bug di Basso che si fermava quando veniva liberato. Se il problema si 
\par                dovesse ripresentare ricordatevi di fare un salvataggio in un nuovo slot PRIMA di liberare Basso e di
\par                non lasciare cadaveri o gente manganellata alla sua vista. Se Basso si ferma non riprender\'e0 a camminare,
\par                dovrete richiamare il salvataggio precedente.
\par 
\par                Aggiunti alcuni oggetti dal Thief }{Enhancement }{\f16\fs22 Pack recentemente rilasciato da Nameless Voice.
\par                
\par                Corretti un paio di errori negli scritti e rimediato ad alcuni errori di minore importanza.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                 Informazioni - suggerimenti
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par               Questa mini campagna, composta da un breve prologo e tre missioni,  \'e8 stata inizialmente concepita come
\par               un'unica FM, ma siccome mi \'e8 sfuggita di mano ho dovuto dividerla in tre: Night One, Night Two e Night
\par               Three. 
\par               Ci\'f2 nonostante dovreste ancora considerarla come cosa unica, specialmente i primi due livelli, che sono
\par               ambientati nella medesima piccola cittadina e che dovrete visitare in due notti consecutive.
\par               La maggior parte degli interni significativi che potrete visitare in Night One, in Night Two saranno chiusi, 
\par               ma avrete accesso ad altre case, palezzi e strade.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                  Grimaldelli
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid {\f16              In Night One avrete un solo grimaldello, perci\'f2 non impazzite per cercare l'altro. Se riuscite ad aprire solo
\par               met\'e0 di una serratura, ci\'f2 significa che potrete aprirla completamente solo in Night Two.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                 Porte
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22              Se una porta non si "illumina" e non emette nessun suono se percossa, significa che non si aprir\'e0, perlomeno
\par              non durante la missione corrente.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f16\fs22\lang1040\cgrid {                 Personaggi
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22               Ci sono alcuni personaggi interattivi. Ci\'f2 significa che si "illuminano" e che dovrete cliccare (o usare il tasto
\par              "usa") su di loro. Questo potrete farlo sia che siano consapevoli o meno della vostra presenza.
\par              Attenzione per\'f2: se doveste tramortirli o ucciderli non potrete prenderne il corpo e trasportarlo altrove per
\par               nasconderlo.
\par 
\par 
\par                                             }{\b\f16\fs24 THE SEVEN SISTERS
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par                                     mini campagna di 3 missioni per Thief 2
\par 
\par                                Titolo:\tab \tab         The Seven Sisters
\par                                Filename:\tab                      The7Sisters.zip
\par                                 Autore:\tab \tab         Lady Rowena (A.M.I) 
\par                                 Contatti:\tab                      xladyrowena@yahoo.it
\par                                 Data di rilascio:                 11/1/2008
\par                                 Versione:\tab                      2.0
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs22                                   DESCRIZIONE:
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par                  Sono passati pochi mesi da quando Garrett ha aiutato Basso e Jenivere a fuggire. 
\par                  Ora sono felicemente sposati e sono andati a vivere in una piccola cittadina vicina alla City, East Fording. 
\par                  Qui Basso ha aperto un piccolo negozio di ferramenta.
\par                   Poco tempo dopo Basso ha invitato Garrett a trascorrere qualche giorno a casa sua; Garrett accetta ed il 
\par                   giorno dopo riceve un messaggio di conferma:
\par }{\i\f16\fs24 
\par                             "Garrett,
\par 
\par                  Jenivere ed io siamo felici che tu abbia accettato il nostro invito. Come d'accordo ti aspettiamo tra una 
\par                  ventina di giorni, in occasione del Carnevale.
\par                 Non vedo l'ora di rivederti e di passare qulche giorno con te come ai vecchi tempi. Ho solo una 
\par                 raccomandazione da farti: per una volta lascia a casa i "ferri del mestiere" e pensiamo solo a divertirci. 
\par                 I tuoi amici affezionati
\par 
\par                          Jenivere e Basso 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang1040\cgrid {\i\f16\fs24                 P.S. Siccome abbiamo avuto due o tre casi di rabbia in citt\'e0, al momento \'e8 in vigore il coprifuoco. Molto
\par                 probabilmente la cosa si risolver\'e0 in un paio di giorni, ma in ogni caso ti allego questa mappa, la mia casa si 
\par                 trova a ridosso delle mura della citt\'e0, c'\'e8 un passaggio nascosto, che un tempo veniva usato dai
\par                 contrabbandieri, che sbuca nel capanno degli attrezzi, di l\'e0 potrai entrare senza essere visto."
\par }{\f16 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f16\fs22 
\par }{\f16\fs24                                      Per i crediti vi rimando alla versione inglese.
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs22 
\par }}