{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Heading;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 caption;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Index;}{\*\cs20 \additive \fs24\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Internet link;}{\*\cs21 \additive \b\fs24 \sbasedon10 
Strong Emphasis;}}{\info{\title ===============================================================}{\author Volker Scholz}{\operator Volker Scholz}{\creatim\yr2009\mo1\dy9\hr22\min19}{\revtim\yr2009\mo2\dy23\hr18\min6}{\version5}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}
{\nofwords1752}{\nofchars9991}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8249}}\margl0\margr0\margt1418\margb1418 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {==========================================================================================
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {ENGLISH DESCRIPTION
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 ==========================================================================================
\par }{
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Author\tab \tab \tab  :\tab Schattengilde
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 E-mail                          :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Version\tab              :\tab 2.0
\par }{Release Date\tab \tab  :\tab 23.02.2009
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Description*
\par 
\par The story takes place a few days after the Book of Prophecy Part 1 - Dead Letter Box
\par 
\par That was a botched job: a planned meeting that ended in the midst of a Mechanist assault, because my contact didn\'b4t come. The plan therefore had to be changed but it doesn\rquote 
t matter as I still have obtained the order and escaped the Mechanists unscathed. Somebody slipped a map (or rather a sketch) to me, so I can begin. I must grab my equipm
ent, make sure I have my instructions and map, take a deep breath and head out for the Hidden City!
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Playing information*
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab   :\tab Dark Project 2 - The Metal Age
\par Title of the Mission      :\tab The Book of Prophecy \endash  Part 2 (The Hidden City)
\par File name                    \tab   :\tab miss21.mis
\par Difficulty settings\tab   :         normal, hard, expert
\par Equipment store           :\tab no
\par Map\tab \tab \tab  :\tab yes
\par Automap\tab \tab  :\tab no
\par New textures\tab              :\tab yes
\par New sounds\tab \tab  :\tab yes
\par New objects\tab \tab  :\tab yes
\par Multi language\tab  :\tab yes, English, German and Italian
\par Briefing\tab \tab  :\tab no
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Construction*
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab  :\tab The Undercellar from Baldur\'b4s Gate and the Thief\'b4s Guild from Thief Gold
\par }\pard \ql \li2880\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin2880\itap0 {
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {Build Time                   :\tab gross 2 1/4 years, net ???
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Important notes and hints*
\par 
\par Read the notes in your inventory. Some doors can\'b4t be opened (eye candy) even by bashing them. Some objects/effects are slightly too close to reality, but.........that\'b4s life!
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par }{\b\cf6 *Known Bugs*
\par }{
\par }{\b The pickpocket count on the Stats screen is not accurate. The correct numbers are: Normal - 13, not 21; Hard/Expert - 14, not 22.}{
\par }{\cf6 
\par }{==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Credits*
\par 
\par Rob Hicks for Dromed Deluxe, MadBull#34 for the .str-Converter, von.Eins for the german Dromed-tutorial and meril for the Betabase
\par 
\par Objects/Mesh: Greenhorn, Nielsen74, Ottoj55, Ar-Zimrathon, Targa, Schwaa, von.Eins, Daemonite, YcatX, Ernie, Rob Hicks, Nameless Voice und Alun Bestor >>> www.washboardabs.net/thief/
\par 
\par Textures: Dhin, gc textures, Noctua-Graphics, texturextras, Alun Bestor >www.washboardabs.net/thief/, David Guerra Hernandez and textures from local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/texture_color/ (modified for Dromed)
\par 
\par Betatester: fibanocci, Valen, blackmen
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }{Editing of the English version: Nightwalker and Bernie
\par 
\par Translation of the Italian version: Krenim
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 
\par }{.....and BIOHAZARD for the special sound
\par 
\par .....and to anyone, who assisted me with help and advice in the forum, as well as to anyone I forgot.
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Loading Information*
\par 
\par Darkloader Ready.  DO NOT UNZIP THIS FILE!!
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright Information*
\par 
\par This level is \'a9 by Schattengilde January 2009
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 ==========================================================================================
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 DEUTSCHE BESCHREIBUNG
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par Autor\tab \tab         :\tab Schattengilde
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 E-Mail                     :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Version\tab         :\tab 2.0
\par Erschienen am        :\tab 23.02. 2009
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Beschreibung* 
\par 
\par Die Story spielt ein paar Tage nach das Buch der Prophezeiung Teil 1 \endash  Toter Briefkasten
\par 
\par Das war diesmal ein hartes St\'fcck Arbeit: Ein geplantes Treffen endet mitten im Angriff der Mechanisten und dass nur, weil mein Kontaktmann nicht kam und der Plan deswegen ge\'e4
ndert werden musste. Aber egal, die Anweisungen habe ich trotzdem erhalten und bin den Mechanisten mit heiler Haut entkommen. Eine Karte (oder eher eine Skizze) habe ich mittlerweile auch zugesteckt bekommen, da kann ich jetzt ja loslegen: Die Ausr\'fc
stung packen, Auftrag und Karte nicht vergessen, noch einmal tief luftholen und dann geht es ab in die verborgene Stadt!
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp40\brdrcf1 \aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par *Spielinformation*
\par 
\par Spiel\tab \tab \tab :\tab Dark Project 2 - The Metal Age
\par Titel der Mission\tab :\tab Das Buch der Prophezeiung - Teil 2  (Die verborgene Stadt)
\par Dateiname       \tab :\tab miss21.mis
\par Schwierigkeitsgrade\tab :           Normal, Hart, Experte
\par Ausr\'fcstungsladen\tab :\tab Nein
\par Karte\tab \tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Autokarte\tab \tab :\tab Nein
\par Neue Texturen\tab             :\tab Ja
\par Neue Sounds\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Neue Objekte\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Mehrsprachig\tab \tab :\tab Ja, Deutsch, Englisch und Italienisch
\par Briefing\tab \tab :\tab Nein
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Konstruktion*
\par 
\par Basis\tab \tab \tab :\tab Der Unterkeller aus Baldur\'b4s Gate und die Diebesgilde aus Thief Gold
\par                                                 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1031\langnp1031\langfenp1031 Bauzeit                        :\tab Brutto 2 1/4  Jahre, Netto ???}{\fs20\lang1031\langfe1031\langnp1031\langfenp1031 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Wichtige Bemerkungen und Hinweise*
\par  
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1031\langnp1031\langfenp1031 Lese zuerst die Anweisungen im Inventar. Manche T\'fcren lassen sich nicht \'f6ffnen (dient rein optischen Zwecken), auch mit Gewalt ist da nichts zu machen. Manche Objekte/Effekte sind etwas realit\'e4
tsnah, aber..............that\'b4s life}{\fs20\lang1031\langfe1031\langnp1031\langfenp1031 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par }{\b\cf6\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 *bekannte Bugs*
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par }{\b\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Taschendiebst\'e4hle werden in der Statistik falsch Angezeigt. Auf Normal sind es 13 statt 21 und auf Hart/Experte 14 statt 22!}{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Credits*
\par 
\par Rob Hicks f\'fcr Dromed Deluxe, MadBull#34 f\'fcr den .str-Converter, von.Eins f\'fcr das deutsche Dromed-Tutorial und meril f\'fcr die Betabase
\par 
\par Objekte/Mesh: Greenhorn, Nielsen74, Ottoj55, Ar-Zimrathon, Targa, Schwaa, von.Eins, Daemonite, YcatX, Ernie, Rob Hicks, Nameless Voice und Alun Bestor >>> www.washboardabs.net/thief/
\par 
\par Texturen: Dhin, gc textures, Noctua-Graphics, texturextras, Alun Bestor >www.washboardabs.net/thief/, David Guerra Hernandez,  und Texturen von local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/texture_color/ (f\'fcr Dromed modifiziert)
\par 
\par Betatester: fibanocci, Valen, blackmen
\par 
\par F\'fcr die englische Version: Nightwalker und Bernie f\'fcr die Textkorrektur
\par 
\par \'dcbersetzung der italienischen Version: Krenim
\par 
\par .....und BIOHAZARD f\'fcr den speziellen Sound
\par 
\par .....und all diejenigen, die mir im Forum mit Rat und Tat zur Seite standen, sowie diejenigen, die ich vergass hier aufzulisten.
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Installationshinweis*
\par 
\par Die Mission ist Darkloaderkompatibel. Die zip-Datei nicht entpacken!!
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright*
\par 
\par Diese Fanmission ist \'a9 by Schattengilde Januar 2009
\par Die Weitergabe dieser Mission ist gestattet, solange dies kostenlos geschieht und die Datei intakt bleibt. Die Benutzung erfolgt auf eigene Gefahr.
\par Dieses Level ist nicht von Looking Glass Studios oder Eidos Interactive hergestellt und wird auch nicht von diesen unterst\'fctzt.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp40\brdrcf1 \aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 ==========================================================================================
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 ITALIANO
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Autore\tab \tab \tab  :\tab Schattengilde
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 E-mail                          :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Versione\tab              :\tab 2.0
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Data di rilascio\tab  :\tab 23.02.2009
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Descrizione*
\par 
\par La storia si svolge pochi giorni dopo quella raccontata in Book of Prophecy Parte 1 - Dead Letter Box.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Quello \'e8 stato un lavoro sbagliato: un incontro che finiva nel bel mezzo di un attacco Meccanicista perch\'e9 il mio contatto non si \'e8 presentato. Il 
piano quindi \'e8
 cambiato, ma non importa, visto che sono ancora vivo e ho ottenuto le mie istruzioni sfuggendo ai Meccanicisti. Qualcuno mi ha fatto arrivare una mappa (o meglio, uno schizzo) del luogo che devo trovare, quindi posso iniziare. Devo prendere 
la mia attrezzatura, assicurarmi di avere le mie istruzioni, fare un profondo respiro e dirigermi verso la Citt\'e0 Nascosta!
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Informazioni di gioco*
\par 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Gioco\tab \tab \tab   :\tab Thief II: The Metal Age}{
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Titolo missione\tab   :\tab The Book of Prophecy \endash  Parte 2 (The Hidden City)}{
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 Nome file                   \tab   :\tab miss21.mis}{
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Livelli di difficolt\'e0\tab   :         Normale, Difficile, Esperto
\par Acquisto attrezzatura    :\tab No
\par Mappa\tab \tab \tab  :\tab S\'ec
\par Mappa automatica\tab  :\tab No
\par Nuove texture\tab              :\tab S\'ec
\par Nuovo sonoro\tab \tab  :\tab S\'ec
\par Nuovi oggetti\tab \tab  :\tab S\'ec
\par Multi lingua\tab \tab  :\tab S\'ec, inglese, italiano e tedesco
\par Briefing\tab \tab  :\tab no
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Costruzione*
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab  :\tab The Undercellar di Baldur\'b4s Gate e la Gilda dei ladri di Thief: Gold
\par }\pard \ql \li2880\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin2880\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Tempo di costruzione  :\tab Circa due anni ed 1/4 ???
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Note e suggerimenti importanti*
\par 
\par Leggete le note del vostro inventario. Alcune porte non possono essere aperte (inserite per bellezza) nemmeno colpendole. Alcuni oggetti/effetti sono un po' troppo vicini alla realt\'e0 ma... cos\'ec \'e8 la vita!
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp40\brdrcf1 \aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par Note alla traduzione:
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Traduzione a cura di Thief Italia ( http://gamesurf.tiscali.it/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=155 ) 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 e creata da Krenim (testi) ed Angelot (mappe).
\par Per giocare la missione in italiano baster\'e0 selezionarla tramite il Darkloader 4.3 e scegliere l'apposita lingua dal men\'f9 a tendina.
\par ==========================================================================================
\par }{\b\cf6\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 *Bug conosciuti*
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par }{\b\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Il conteggio dei borseggi nella schermata delle statistiche non \'e8 accurato. Il numero corretto \'e8: Normale \endash  13, non 21; Difficile/esperto 14, non 22.}{\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par }{\cf6\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Crediti*
\par 
\par Rob Hicks per Dromed Deluxe, MadBull#34 per lo .str-Converter, von.Eins per il tutorial di DromEd in tedesco e Meril per il Betabase.
\par 
\par Oggetti/Mesh: Greenhorn, Nielsen74, Ottoj55, Ar-Zimrathon, Targa, Schwaa, von.Eins, Daemonite, YcatX, Ernie, Rob Hicks, Nameless Voice e Alun Bestor >>> www.washboardabs.net/thief/
\par 
\par Texture: Dhin, gc textures, Noctua-Graphics, texturextras, Alun Bestor >www.washboardabs.net/thief/, David Guerra Hernandez e texture da local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/texture_color/ (modificate per Dromed)
\par 
\par Betatester: fibanocci, Valen, blackmen
\par 
\par Editing versione inglese: Nightwalker and Bernie
\par 
\par .....e BIOHAZARD per il loro sound speciale
\par 
\par .....e chiunque mi abbia assistito ed aiutato sui forum, oltre a chiunque possa aver dimenticato.
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Informazioni di caricamento*
\par 
\par Darkloader.  NON SCOMPATTARE IL FILE!!
\par 
\par ==========================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright*
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Questo livello \'e8 \'a9 di Schattengilde Gennaio 2009
\par La distribuzione di questo livello \'e8 consentita fino a quando rimarr\'e0 gratuita e l'archivio sar\'e0 tenuto intatto. Non potete includere questo livello in una qualsiasi raccolta di mappe senza il mio permesso esplicito. Nessuno pu\'f2
 modificare questa missione in alcun modo.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang1040\langfe1033\langnp1040 Questo livello non \'e8 stato creato e non \'e8 supportato dai Looking Glass Studios o dalla Eidos Interactive.
\par }}