{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Carleton;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 AvalonQuest;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\ri4\sb20\sa20\qj\lang1040\f0\fs20 ===================================================================\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\lang2057 Horns of Canzo part 2 \endash  The Dragon\rquote s claw\par
Release \b Version 1.0\b0\par
===================================================================\par
Author: Sterlino\par
Contact info: Sterlinoy@libero.it \par
Homepage: \cf1\f1\fs24 http://sterlino.altervista.org/index.html\cf0\f0\fs20\par
Date of release: 8/2010\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb20\sa20\qj\fs14\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\fs20\par
\f1\fs24 Title:\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\f0\fs20 Horns of Canzo part 2 \endash  The Dragon\rquote s claw\f1\fs24\par
Version:\tab\tab\tab\tab 1.0\par
Author:\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sterlino\par
Game:\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Thief 2\par
Difficulty settings:\tab\tab\tab yes - \ul see the differences down below\ulnone\par
Map / Automap:\tab\tab\tab yes/no\par
New graphics:\tab\tab\tab\tab yes\par
New Objects:\tab\tab\tab\tab Yes - \ul see below\ulnone\par
Multi language support:\tab\tab\tab No\f0\fs20\par
 \par
The actors:\par
\par
SlyFox - Garrett\par
Undocanego - Vincent Greed, Sir. Alfios, the jail guard\par
John D. - Mario Lombardi\par
Sterlino - the shopman\par
Moghedian - Madame Mathilde\par
Yandros - Basso\par
Gore_Torn - The monk, Carabinieri guard\par
Lambizkit - Carabinieri guards\par
\par
\fs24 __________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\par
\f2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\qc\fs56 the story:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\qc In the first part of Horns of Canzo, the Brotherhood of Fire informed \par
Garrett that they had kidnapped his friend Basso.  Basso's "ransom" \par
required Garrett to travel to Italy, then journey to an Italian mountain \par
named the Horns of Canzo, near the small village of Canzo.\par
\par
Garrett's first challenge was to reach room 4 of the infamous Third \par
Alp's Inn.  After a bit of trouble, he arrived and took the room.  For \par
three long days he lay studying the detailed information given him by \par
the Brotherhood. They made their demands quite clear:  Garrett was to \par
steal the priceless Dragon's Claw.\par
\par
The Dragon's Claw artifact is owned by Lord Kanfass; but Garrett learns \par
that Kanfass allows his protege, Mario Lombardi, to keep the artifact at \par
his beautiful villa.  Lombardi is mayor of Castlebrick, a small clump of \par
houses, hardly even a village, surrounded by a security wall.  \par
Lombardi's villa is just north of Castlebrick, and that is Garrett's \par
destination; for there the Claw is locked away in a huge, well-lit, \par
heavily guarded room that is watched night and day.\par
\par
In the third afternoon at the inn, Garrett grabs his weapons and \par
thieving equipment and sets out for Lombardi's villa.\par
\par
\fs28\par
\par
\par
\fs24 _________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\fs28\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs20\par
Special note:\par
\ulnone\b0\i During the mission you will find a well customized and selfmade texturized Chapel, this is\par
my personal and modest tribute to the beautyness of many chapels builded in italy \par
that are a magnificent witness of the hands of the men guided by the Lord's mind.\par
\i0\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 --------------------------\par
\b HOC2 \endash the dragon\rquote s claw.zip\par
\b0 --------------------------\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b Beware: if you don\rquote t like the idea to have a mission pack with the scripts inside BEFORE PLAY, in darkloader press to INSTALL only then go to thief2 folder and delete the files: script.osm thnscript.osm darkhooks.dlx ! after that download from the link down here the scripts modules directly from the original sites.\line\line\fs24 http://www.thiefmissions.com/scripts/\fs20  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\b0\par
\ul\fs24 better setting\ulnone\fs20 :\par
audio: channel 16, hardware acceleration=off, eax=off\par
\par
\ul\f3\fs32 Construction\ulnone\f0  *\par
\fs20 Base       : From mind, then to scratch then forcibly inserted in Dromed with the only help of my patience. (actually, after this experience, I became a Tibetan monk)\par
Build Time : 2 full and mad/crazy years.. what i said ? 2... not exactly, 2 years of full mad work then other 4 years of discontinuous work on it.. so the result is in \b 6 years !! SIX DAMNED YEARS omg omg ._.  \b0\par
\par
\ul\b NOTE ABOUT THE ANTI-GAS MASK\ulnone\b0 :\par
in the game you will find a new tool for garrett, it's the AntiGasMask, it works as expected and when you wear it you don't suffer the letal effects of the gas.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs22 Important: \lang1040\f1\fs24 to take off the mask you have to select it from your inventory again and click on it\lang2057\f0\fs22 . A shortcut key is present, go to the player menu to \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20 set a Keyboard\rquote s key for select the Antigasmask in a faster way.\b0\par
\ul\fs24 Warning\ulnone\fs20 : when you wear the mask you cannot use your weapons and \b if you pick up a weapon, it will disable the Mask\b0 .\par
\b Same thing if you find a Scouting Orb \b0 and use it..\par
\par
\par
\ul Difficulties differences\ulnone :\par
- a couple of secrets (with the pills) are not revealed in hard and expert difficulty.\par
- the number of the guards increase with the difficulty\par
\par
know bugs:\par
- a chandelier in ML villa upper floors sometimes disappear, i don't know the reason.\par
\par
\par
\ul Music&Sounds\ulnone :\par
The song: \ldblquote the edge of the world\rdblquote  (that substitute the metal1.wav original sound of the thief2 main\rquote s menu) is a whole proudly idea of mine.\par
The opening classic music in 2nd mission is 'Handel Teseo, Overture'\par
The party's ancient middle age music is 'Cantiga119'\par
I used also a sample from Saturnine's excellent mission: the seventh crystal. (with permission)\par
Thanks also to these contribute from freesounds.org:\par
thanvannispen - witch laugh\par
suonho - teleport effect\par
fectoper - phaedra inspired sound - used in the pills sequence\par
Zenko - musicalbox\par
Harri - bass sounds\par
J.Zazvurek - crickets sounds\par
reinsamba - forest sounds\par
elankford - machine sound\par
\par
\par
\ul\fs24 thanks to\ulnone\fs20 :\par
\par
Yandros for two great music pieces, he also patiently supported me for many months encouraging me to not give up.\par
Nameless Voice for his wonderful scripts pack and not only that, his precious support was important in any steps of the creation of this madness.\par
SLyFox for his voices contributions, a very professional touch for an amateur's fan mission, thank u Sly !\par
Dafydd for his great skill in testing and for some important suggestions.\par
Tannar, he helped me a lot with translations and readables.\par
Nightwalker for various helps, over all those years, in the thief's community.\par
I just would say farewell to BikerDude: a very helping hand in the early days.\par
All the Actors who played their voice role, finally they can see the result of their contributes... nothing was wasted.\par
\par
Other details:\par
\par
the phrase 'The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.'\par
is written by Alan Ashley-Pitt\par
 \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\sa20\qc ~@~ \fs28 Copyright Information\fs20  ~@~\par
\par
\fs24 This level was made by \b Sterlino\b0\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package\par
is kept intact. \par
You may not include this level to any map pack without my\par
permission.\par
 No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission. \par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\fs20\par
}
 