{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi-426\li994\f0\fs20 *************************************************************\par
\cf1\b Scroll down for English please!\cf0\b0\par
*************************************************************\par
\par
\par
\b\fs40 Der Tagel\'f6hner \b0\i\fs28 V.1.2\par
\i0\fs20\par
August 2011\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx1988 Missionstitel:\tab Der Tagel\'f6hner\par
File name:\tab Der_Tageloehner.zip\par
Author:  \tab DarkShadow \par
Kontakt: \tab iceman67@web.de\par
Homepage: \tab ----\par
First release: \tab 30/06/2011 \par
\pard\fi-426\li994\par
\cf2\b Update Version 1.2\tab\tab    02.08.2011\cf0\par
Update Version(Video Codec Fix) \cf3 01.07.2011\b0\par
\cf0 -----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\b\fs22 Beschreibung: \par
\b0\fs20\par
\fs22 Magnius, ein Hehler mit dem Du des \'f6fteren Gesch\'e4fte machst, hat einen \par
lukrativen Auftrag f\'fcr Dich. Ein gewisser Maurice Delacroix zahlt \par
500 Goldst\'fccke, Du musst nur ein Gem\'e4lde aus dem Stadtmuseum f\'fcr ihn \par
stehlen. Gutes Geld f\'fcr wenig Arbeit!\par
\fs20\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Informationen zum Spiel * \par
\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx2556 Spiel:\tab Thief 2 / The Metal Age\par
Missionstitel:\tab Der Tagel\'f6hner\par
Dateiname: \tab Miss21.mis\par
Schwierigkeitsgrade:\tab Ja\par
Ausr\'fcstungsladen : \tab Nein\par
Karte /Autokarte:\tab Ja     \par
Neue Grafiken:\tab Ja\par
Neue Sounds:\tab Ja\par
EAX- Unterst\'fctzung: \tab Nein\par
Mehrsprachig:\tab deutsch/englisch\par
Vorspann: \tab Ja\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\par
\par
Welche Schwierigkeitgrade: Normal, Hart, Experte(Loot, Ai's)\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\cf1 Diese Map benutzt die \b tnhS.osm (2009)\b0 , Danke an Telliamed: \par
http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/ and http://whoopdedo.org/\par
\cf0\par
=============================================================\par
\par
* Konstruktion *\par
\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx2272 Vorlage: \tab Keine\par
Kartengr\'f6\'dfe: \tab Gro\'df\par
Bauzeit: \tab 8 1/2 Monate mit Unterbrechung\par
Bauinfo:\tab  -------\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\par
\par
\fs32 Allgemeine Informationen\par
\par
\fs22 Die Videos in der Mission verwenden den \b IndeoVideo Codec.\b0  Kommt es \par
trotz dessen zu einem Absturz, m\'fcssen die Videos B21 und CS21 gel\'f6scht \par
oder umbenannt werden.\cf3\par
\par
Die f\'fcr diese FM verwendete \cf1\b tnhS.osm \cf3\b0 Datei\cf1\b  \cf3\b0 ist von 2009!\par
\cf1\b\par
\cf3\b0 Es wird empfohlen den \cf2\b Brief von Magnius\cf3\b0 (Inventar) am Anfang zu lesen!\par
\cf0\fs20\par
\fs22 Zwei Wasserrohre dienen als Leiter(Neues Viertel).\par
\par
\cf1\b Bugs:\cf0\b0  Auf die andere Seite des Kanals zu schwimmen, kann zu\par
einem Absturz f\'fchren. Vom Wasser aus zur\'fcck auf das Flo\'df zu\par
springen kann dazu f\'fchren, dass die Bewegung eingeschr\'e4nkt ist\par
und der Spieler anschlie\'dfend keine Pfeile verschiessen kann!\par
\par
\fs20 =============================================================\par
\par
L\'e4uft mit Dark Loader.  Lasse die Datei GEZIPPT \endash  ENTPACKE SIE NICHT, lege aber die \par
komplette "Tagel\'f6hner.zip" \endash  Datei in ein Verzeichnis auf deiner Festplatte, gehe \par
dann ins Dark Loader Setup, verweise zu dem Verzeichnis und die Mission sollte Im \par
Dark Loader Hauptbildschirm angezeigt werden. \par
=============================================================\par
\par
* \b\fs22 Danke an\b0\fs20  *\par
\par
alle Taffer auf \cf2 http://board.ttlg.de \cf0 und \cf2 http://www.ttlg.com/forums/forum.php\par
\cf0 f\'fcr Eure Unterst\'fctzung und Euer Feedback.\par
\par
\par
Ein Dankesch\'f6n an folgende Personen f\'fcr die Nutzung von Objekten und Texturen: \par
\par
\par
\cf2 Alun David Bestor\cf0 , \cf3 www.washboardabs.net/thief/ \par
\cf0\par
\cf2 Nielsen74,\cf0  \cf3 www.jasonotto.net/n74objects.html\par
\cf0\par
\cf2 David Guerra,\cf3  http://www.davegh.com/\cf2\par
\cf3\par
\cf2 Team COSAS\cf3 , http://cosas.ttlg.com/\cf2\par
\cf0\par
\cf2 JasonOtto\cf0 ,\cf3  www.jasonotto.net\par
\cf0\par
\cf2 Eshaktaar,\cf0  \cf3 www.hulub.ch \par
\par
\cf2 Nameless Voice\cf0\par
\par
\cf2 Hrothgar\cf0\par
\par
\cf2 Zontik\cf0\par
\par
Folgende Texturen stammen von mir und d\'fcrfen benutzt werden, \par
Credits w\'e4ren aber nett.\par
\par
Wins3, Walls1(CrunchMoos/wall_Moos), Tapeten(creme), Putz2(Putz_Creme)\par
\par
\par
weitere Texturen: \b RTCW, MOHAA, CG Textures\par
\b0\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs22 Besonderen Dank gilt folgenden Personen:\fs20\par
\cf0\b0\par
\par
BETATESTER: \b Chiron, Dl94, Fibanocci, Firehawk, Ionisator, Tannar\par
\par
\b0 F\'fcr Update Version 1.2: \b DarkThief, Sirius\par
\b0\par
\b SlyFoxx\b0 , der Garrett seine Stimme lieh (Briefing Video).\par
\par
\b Tannar\b0  f\'fcr die Korrektur der englischen Texte.\par
\par
\b Intruder\b0\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\b Musik/Sounds:\par
\b0\par
Death_Murder und thirtysec, stammen aus dem Pc Game:\par
\b LARA CROFT\b0 , Angel of darkness\par
\par
\b m10buzz\b0 , vom Album \i "\cf2 Hounds of love\cf0 " \i0 von \b Kate Bush \b0 (Jig of Life)\par
\par
Mech_Theme, Pharao, KlingKlang und Escape stammen aus meiner Feder\par
und d\'fcrfen anderweitig (\b nicht kommerziell\b0 ) genutzt werden.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Copyright * \par
\par
This Level is (c) by DarkShadow, 2011\par
\par
Die Weitergabe dieses Levels ist gestattet, solange dies kostenlos geschieht. Die Benutzung \par
erfolgt auf eigene Gefahr.\par
Dieses Level ist nicht von Looking Glass Studios oder Eidos Interactive hergestellt und \par
wird auch nicht von diesen unterst\'fctzt. \par
\par
\par
\par
*********************************************************\par
********************* \cf2\b  English  \cf0\b0 *************************\par
*********************************************************\par
\par
\b\fs40 The day worker \b0\i\fs28 V.1.2\par
\i0\fs20\par
\par
August 2011\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx1988 Mission title:\tab The Day Worker\par
File name: \tab Der_Tageloehner.zip\par
Author:  \tab DarkShadow \par
Contact: \tab iceman67@web.de\par
Homepage: \tab ----\par
First release:\tab 01/07/2011 \par
\pard\fi-426\li994\par
\cf2\b Update Version 1.2\tab\tab    02.08.2011\cf0\par
Update Version(Video Codec Fix) \cf3 01.07.2011\b0\par
\cf0 -----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\b\fs22 Description: \b0\par
\par
Magnius, a fence you often make deals with, has a lucrative contract.\par
A guy named Maurice Delacroix will pay 500 pieces of gold, you just have to\par
steal a painting from the museum for him. Good money for little work!\par
\fs20\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Gameinfo * \par
\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx2556 Game:\tab Thief 2 / The Metal Age\par
Level name: \tab The day worker\par
Filename: \tab Miss21.mis\par
Difficulty Settings: \tab Yes\par
Equipment Store: \tab No\par
Map: \tab Yes  \par
New Graphics: \tab Yes\par
New Sounds: \tab Yes\par
EAX- supportg: \tab No\par
Multi Language:\tab german/english\par
Briefing: \tab Yes\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\par
\par
Difficulty level info: Normal,Hard,Expert (loot, AI)\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\cf1 This map use the \b tnhS.osm (2009)\b0 , thanks to Telliamed: \par
http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/ and http://whoopdedo.org/\par
\cf0\par
=============================================================\par
\par
* Construction *\par
\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\tx2272 Base: \tab no\par
Mapsize:\tab Big\par
time for building:\tab 8 1/2 months with breaks\par
Building info: \tab -------\par
\par
\pard\fi-426\li994\fs32 General informationen\par
\cf3\fs22\par
Videos using the \b IndeoVideo Codec. \b0 If the game crashes to desktop\par
nevertheless, delete or rename the videos B21 and CS21.\par
\par
The \cf1\b tnhS.osm file \cf3\b0 in this Fm is from 2009!\par
\par
I recommend to read the \cf2\b letter from Magnius\cf3\b0 (inventory) at the beginning!\par
\cf0\fs20\par
\fs22 There are two pipes in the new quarter you can climb on.\par
\cf1\b\par
Bugs:\cf0\b0  Swimming in the canal to the other side could crash the game.\par
If you jump into the water and climb the raft again, it may happen that your\par
movements are restricted. It's also not possible to use an arrow.\fs20\par
\par
=============================================================\par
\par
Runs with Dark Loader.  DONT UNPACK this ZIPFILE, put this \par
complete "..Tageloehner.zip" \endash  FILE in a directory on your harddrive, open \par
Dark Loader, Setup, search the directory where you put IT in, click OK.\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\b\fs22 * THANKS TO *\b0\fs20\par
\par
All Taffers on \cf2 http://board.ttlg.de \cf0 and \cf2 http://www.ttlg.com/forums/forum.php\par
\cf0 for your support and your feedback.\par
\par
\par
Thanks to the following persons for using their objects and textures: \par
\par
\par
\cf2 Alun David Bestor\cf0 , www.washboardabs.net/thief/ \par
\par
\cf2 Nielsen74,\cf0  www.jasonotto.net/n74objects.html\par
\par
\cf2 David Guerra\cf0 , http://www.davegh.com/\par
\par
\cf2 Team COSAS\cf0 , http://cosas.ttlg.com/\par
\par
\cf2 JasonOtto\cf0 , www.jasonotto.net\par
\par
\cf2 Eshaktaar\cf0 , www.hulub.ch \par
\par
\cf2 Nameless Voice\cf0\par
\par
\cf2 Hrothgar\cf0\par
\par
\cf2 Zontik\cf0\par
\par
The following textures are mine, you can use them, credits would be nice.\par
\par
Wins3, Walls1(CrunchMoos/wall_Moos), Tapeten(creme), Putz2(Putz_Creme)\par
\par
\par
Other textures taken from \b RTCW, Mohaa, CG Textures\par
\b0\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs22 A special thanks to:\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
BETATESTERS: \b Chiron, Dl94, Fibanocci, Firehawk, Ionisator, Tannar\par
\par
\b0 For update version 1.2: \b DarkThief, Sirius\par
\par
\b0\par
\b SlyFoxx\b0 , who gave Garrett his voice (Briefing video).\par
\par
\b Tannar\b0  for proofreading the english texts.\par
\par
\b Intruder\b0\par
\par
=============================================================\par
\par
\b Music/Sounds:\b0\par
\par
Death_Murder and thirtysec, taken from the game:\par
\b LARA CROFT\b0 , Angel of darkness\par
\par
\b m10buzz\b0 , taken from the album "\cf2\i Hounds of love\cf0\i0 " by\b  Kate Bush \b0 (Jig of Life)\par
\par
Mech_Theme, Pharao, KlingKlang and Escape made by myself.\par
You can use this if you like (\b no commercial use please\b0 ).\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Copyright * \par
\par
This Level is (c) by Michael Haase, 2011\par
\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free. Use at your own risk.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\par
\par
\par
----------------------------------Ending-----------------------------\par
\par
}
 