{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 ==================================================================================\par
11.17.2011 Revision-Final v1.2 -05/21/2013 -Revisionv1.3 5/28/2013 -Revision 1.4 11/23/2013                       \par
==================================================================================\par
\par
Title\tab\tab  : Cataclysmic Revelations\par
Filename\tab  : Cataclysmic_Rev_FinalV1.4 \par
Author\tab\tab  : DarthsLair\par
Contact info\tab  : darthslair@rocketmail.com\par
Date of release\tab  : Nov. 17, 2011 \par
Version Final v1.2 : Original Version with Intro Movie-Revised for update. Revision v1.2 Date:May 21st,2013-Revision v.1.3 May/28/2013\par
\par
==================================================================================\par
\par
              \par
* Play Information *\par
\par
Game\tab\tab\tab  : Thief 2 The Metal Age\par
Level Names\tab\tab  : Cataclysmic Revelations\par
File names\tab\tab  : miss20.mis\par
Difficulty Settings\tab  : Yes.         Beginner, Adept, Master\par
Equipment store\tab              : No.\par
Map/Automap\tab\tab  : Yes. \par
New graphics\tab\tab  : Yes.\par
New sounds\tab\tab  : Yes.\par
New conversations\tab  : Yes.\par
New models\tab\tab  : Yes.\par
EAX Support\tab\tab  : No.\par
Multi language support\tab  : No.          English\par
Briefing\tab        \tab\tab  : Yes.\par
\par
* Construction *\par
Base:      From Miss11mis The Haunted Cathedral Thief Gold\par
Build Time: Many bottles of headache medicine, not including gallons of Jack Daniel's.( 1000 hours or 4 months work.)  Many fits thrown, when Dromed turns into Dromzilla.\par
INCLUDED IN THIS ZIP: Walkthrough/Lootlist provided by Ricebug, [gen.osm.and convict.osm for backups] The Gen.osm is current for those who have an outdated one, or one\par
that is corrupt.  Same with the convict.osm.  The Convict.osm controls Victory Scripts that enable the objectives to be checked off.\par
\par
Revision May 21st 2013: Version 1.18 T2, limited this mission for object id's, so New Dark enabled a hefty revision. Prior to the revision, object id space was used to the maximmum in V.1.18  Included in this revision is Well over 1000 objects added including more Ai, some secrets,and a new starting area. Final Revision Difficulty Adjustment. May 28th,2012 Rev1.3  Added some powerups in the other world. Lowered hitpoints on some ai, and added more secrets, and one more area for player.  Made playing less tedious on Hard and Expert Levels.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
===================================================================================\par
STORY: The World has changed.  The Earth and it's People are Crying out for answers.  The Keepers usually unseen unless they choose to be seen have placed glyphs throughout\par
the lands.  The Glyphs not unseen by Garrett, steal his curiosity.  The Hammerites have increased their activities, and for some unknown reasons have established themselves once\par
again, in the "The Haunted Cathedral"   Now Excorcised, the Hammers have gathered to do "Thy Builders Work"  The Cathedral and it's Shrines, hold memory of Saint Yora, Saint Jenel,\par
Saint Tennor, and Saint Vale.   The Victorious Saints who continually fight the evil in the World.                     \par
 \par
Meteor's and Comet's are frequenting the night skies.  The Moon has turned red ,and rumbles of earthquakes stir great fear into the hearts of men.   Last night at the \par
Taffer's Tavern, Fingers the Fingerman spoke a little too loudly, mentioning something about something "suspicious" at the old institution.  Garrett's keen sense drives him further,\par
as he remembered the nightmare that once existed inside those walls. " Hammers moving back into that place?"  Garrett sets out to find out why the Hammer's have moved back in,\par
and intends to discover also what the Keepers are doing, and possibly learn what they know.  No time like the present, because there may not be much time left !   And, like always, the\par
rent must be paid.\par
\par
Playing Info:Some objectives are optional, as the mission is split into 2 separate worlds.  Instead of having to give up because of incomplete objectives, because of it's enormous size, I thought \par
it best this way.  The feeling of lonliness is intentional,without alot of material comfort in Version 1.18, but due to some reports, some players thought it wasn't full enough for exploration. So, with about 100 hours of rework, I believe it is improved for experience and game play.\par
===================================================================================\par
\par
 * Loading Information *\par
Get the latest version of Darkloader and run it.   DO NOT UNZIP THIS FILE!!  \par
May not run with Windows Vista and Garrettloader.\par
\par
 * Copyright Information *\par
   DarthsLair November, 2011 Dec.20,2011 Revised edtion copyright May 21, 2013.\par
\par
* Special Thanks *  To the great beta testers who have made this possible: Nickie, Tannar, bob_doe_nz, PrJames, Gloria Creep,ffox,Pedro(Cardia1),kittykat,Ravenhook\par
* Special Thanks *  To Nickie, and PrJames, and Tannar for editing the readables. Thanks for the beta testing forums: Dussander, Tannar-Shalebridge Cradel Forums.\par
Special Thanks to model makers: Yandros, Zontik, Raetsel, Hrothgar, Nielsen74, OttoJ55,  Eshaktaar, Targa, R Soul, Christine, Nameless Voice, Dark Arrow, Sluggs.\par
Christine, Redface,LarryG,Cosas,and the team. Von Eins,Althalus,Omer "G'len" Golan,Rob Hicks and J.Knez(Schwaa),Alun Bestor, DarkMax,Bronze Griffin, Metal Dawn,\par
L.C.Nottaasen,Magnera,Tdbonko.\par
\par
Special Thanks to:Shadow Sneaker, Sephy, "A. Tolonen- Unguarded Reliquary". "Zil (organ music) fromThe Hammerite Imperium", Dario D.,Ozzy O. (a short clip) Sound Myst,\par
Eric Brosius , (the angels by Olivier Messiaen,Trinity Church Boston), Digital Nightfall, Taonside, Dussander. All of these great composers made up the Ambient Music.\par
Special Thanks to: Thiefmissions.com, and Ttlg for their wonderful sites.\par
\par
Special Thanks to the Voice Actors:SlyFoxx as Garrett. Yandros, Pedro, Don Adams,  Edudrekib ,DLW6 don@willadsenfamily.org. MasterThief3, These fine actors are the stars of the show.\par
Technical Information: Script used: NvScript.osm  First version has 3 custom made videos: Introduction, Success, and Death.  All .avi movies made with Indeo codec: IV50\par
Known Issues: Framerate may be low in some areas, but a modern machine should handle it with no problems.  Has not been tested on Windows98, or Windows2000.\par
In part of the second half of the mission the player will have to cycle through the weapons, as some of them cannot be assigned keys or numbers.\par
This mission is at it's limits, but the pal count is only 151.(Old 1.18)  It is equivalent to 2 Original Missions placed in 1 mission file.  It is huge !  Have fun, as it was made for fun only !\par
\par
\par
==========================================================================================\par
 \par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or\par
Eidos Interactive. You are free to distribute, but do not change any mission\par
data for redistribution without my written consent.  Enjoy!!! This mission\par
was intended to be for fun only. The author does not assume any liability\par
in misuse. Ha! Ha! Enjoy, Taffer!  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
===================================================================================\par
\par
\par
\par
\tab\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\tab\par
\par
\tab\par
\par
\tab\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\tab\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
===================================================================================\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
===================================================================================\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
   \par
\par
}
 