{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204{\*\fname Arial;}Arial CYR;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset204{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CYR;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue153;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\b\f0\fs28 THE BLACK FROG\par
\b0 A Thief 2 campaign by Ga\'ebtane\par
\par
\i\fs20 Date of release 03-2012\b\i0\fs28\par
\par
\par
English version\fs20\par
\par
\lang2057\fs22 Beginning of the story\fs20\par
\b0\i This story takes place several years after The Metal Age.\par
\i0\par
There\rquote s so much life in this coast village. It\rquote s the main village party, the Sea Songs Festival. So people, enjoy, laugh and sing.\par
But Garrett will not have time to rejoice at the festivities, he is here to meet a messenger named Irvin who was sent by a rich local lord, Sir Belmont.\par
Tonight Garrett will find Irvin in one of the inn rooms, \ldblquote The Three Heroes\rdblquote . Here the messenger will give him all details about the contract proposed by Belmont.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Note\fs20\par
\cf1\b0\par
\cf2 This campaign is the continuation of the mission "Emilie Victor" (2003). But it isn't necessary to have played it to understand the campaign.\cf0\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Warnings and Advice\fs20\par
\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\tab - Uninstall the \b Schwaa_T2UpgradePack\b0  if you use it. Some beta-testers have encountered problems with it.\par
\tab - Everybody you will meet in this first mission is friendly so weapons are not needed at this time. Enjoy a quiet evening finding what you need.\par
\tab - In the first mission you can adjust the sound for songs by audio options "volume ambient" (in the game menu) if you wish. \cf1\b\i\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf0\b0\i0\tab - Read all the texts, some of them activate essential goals for the ongoing mission.\par
\tab - Do not save your game while a conversation is playing. It could cancel some goals.\par
\tab - If you read carefully all that is written, you should find your way without any problems in those missions.\par
\tab - Activate fogging in the game. If you have a recent system (vista or windows 7) and do not have fog, try to install the DDFIX patch : http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=121449\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\par
\b\fs22 Known bugs:\b0\fs20\par
\par
\tab - It is possible, though very unlikely, that at a certain point in mission 5 the screen may remain black. Reloading a previous save should resolve this. This occurred only once during testing and we were never able to duplicate it.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\par
\lang1040\b\fs22 Play information\fs20\par
\b0\par
           \tab Game:\tab\tab\tab        Thief 2: The Metal Age\par
           \tab Level Names:\tab\tab        \lang1036 Songs and Laughter - The Portrait - Tears and Sorrow - The Lady and the Thief - The Black Frog\lang1040\par
           \tab File names:\tab\tab        miss20.mis - miss21.mis - miss22.mis - miss23.mis - miss24.mis\par
           \tab Difficulty Settings:                 Yes\par
           \tab Equipment store:\tab        Yes\par
           \tab Map/Automap:\tab\tab        Yes/No\par
           \tab New graphics:\tab\tab        Yes\par
           \tab New sounds:\tab\tab        Yes\par
           \tab New models:\tab\tab        Yes\par
           \tab EAX Support:\tab\tab        No\par
          \tab Multi language support:\tab        English, French, German, Russian\par
           \tab Briefing:\tab\tab                    Yes\par
\tab Base:\tab\tab                    From scratch\par
          \tab Map Size:\tab                    Small/Medium/Large\par
          \tab Build Time:\tab                    Too many years!\par
\lang2057\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\b\fs22 Objectives differences : Normal / Hard / Expert\fs20\par
\par
\lang1036\b0\tab fm1 - Songs and Laughter\par
\lang2057\tab - Loot requirement increases according to the difficulty modes\par
\lang1036\par
\tab fm 2 - The Portrait\par
\lang2057\tab - Loot requirement increases according to the difficulty modes.\par
\tab - In normal and hard mode, one objective is optional. In expert mode, the objective is compulsory.\lang1036\par
\par
\tab fm3 - Tears and Sorrow\par
\lang2057\tab - Goals in \ldblquote Normal\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Hard\rdblquote  modes are the same. There\rquote s one additional objective in Expert mode.\lang1036\par
\lang2057\tab - Numbers of enemies increase according to the difficulty modes.\par
\lang1036\par
\tab fm4 - The Lady and the Thief\par
\lang2057\tab - Numbers of enemies increase according to the difficulty modes and the number of items to find decreases.\lang1036\par
\par
\tab fm5 - The Black Frog\par
\lang2057\tab - Numbers of enemies increase according to the difficulty modes and the number of items to find decreases\lang1036\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\lang1040\b\fs22 Credits\lang2057\b0\par
\par
\fs20 My sincere thanks to all who contributed to improve the Black Frog campaign:\fs22\par
\lang1036\fs20\par
\b Beta testers:\par
\par
\tab English version:\b0\par
\tab - Nightwalker \par
\tab - Yandros \par
\tab - Peter Smith  \par
\cf2\tab - Tannar \par
\tab - nickie\cf0\par
\tab - BrokenArts\par
\b\par
\tab French version:\par
\b0\tab - Lady Jo \par
\tab - Louve \par
\tab - Belea \par
\cf2\par
\cf0\b\tab German version:\cf2\b0\par
\cf0\tab - fibanocci \par
\par
\b\tab Russian version:\cf2\b0\par
\tab - Clearing\par
\cf0\par
\pard -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Translation: \par
\par
\tab French / English:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\tab - Velvet Paw and Stefan Key\par
\par
\b\tab French / German:\b0\par
\tab - Zappenduster and fibanocci\par
\par
\b\tab English / Russian:\b0\par
\tab - Dront, S.Siamsky and Fernan\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Proofreading:\par
\b0\par
\tab - Tannar (English version)\par
\tab - Nightwalker and Bernie (English version)\par
\tab - Nickie (English version)\par
\tab - Peter Smith(English version)\par
\tab - fibanocci (German version)\par
\tab - clearing (Russian version)\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Voices: \par
\par
\tab English:\par
\b0\tab - SlyFoxx: Garrett\par
\tab - MsLedd: Emilie Victor\par
\tab - Yandros: Sir Belmont\par
\tab - Dlw6: Gilles\par
\tab - Zappenduster: Irvin\par
\par
\b\tab French:\b0\par
\tab - Stefan Key: Garrett\par
\tab - Belea: Sir Belmont\par
\tab - Ga\'ebtane: Emilie Victor\par
\tab - Zappenduster: Irvin\par
\par
\b\tab German:\b0\par
\tab -  Zappenduster: Garrett\par
\tab -  Zappenduster: Belmont\par
\tab -  Trix: Emilie Victor\par
\tab -  Zappenduster: Irvin\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Music:\par
\par
\b0\tab - A big thank to Zil for his music pieces composed especially for The Black Frog\cf2  : "evmusic", "garivaldi" and "garivaldi_2"\par
\tab - "String" and "Descent" from Zil\par
\cf0\tab - "Spike Island Lasses" and "08 King of Laois" from DanArBraz\par
\tab - "Irish Jig" from Lo Mejor de Gwendal\i\par
\i0\tab - "Way to past" and "Breaking Time Borders" from Adaptcore \i (DarkWinter : www.darkwinter.com)\i0\par
\tab - "The House the Gods Die In" from Pawel Grabowski \i (DarkWinter : www.darkwinter.com)\par
\tab - \i0 "Abortion Queen" and "Caught In Its Throat" from Angel Swing \i (DarkWinter : www.darkwinter.com)\i0\par
\tab - Music from the movie "The Ring"\par
\tab - Music used in personal levels of Tomb Raider (I can't find the source, I'm sorry)\par
\tab - "Ar Baradoz - \i Mol\'e8ne\i0 "  from Didier Squiban (end credits)\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Additional sounds:\b0   \par
\line\tab - Eidos/Ion Storm (zombie3 voices) Yandros ( adaptation "Zombie3 voices" for Thief 2)\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Additional textures: \par
\par
\b0\tab - Vigil -  Yandros - DEDX - David Gurrea - Ga\'ebtane - Jean-Jacques Henner (Emilie's portrait)\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Additional objects: \par
\par
\b0\tab - Christine - Eshaktaar  - Nameless Voice - Nielsen74 - Jason Otto - The Watcher - Shwaa - Sluggs - Targa - Vigil - Yandros - PinkDot\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Additional meshes:\par
\par
\b0\tab - Tdbonko (werewolves) - Frobber (Charaka) - DEDX Ais\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Additional scripts:\par
\par
\b0\tab - Nameless Voice - Telliamed\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Additional skies textures:\par
\b0\par
\tab - Wille\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Additional motions:\par
\b0\par
\tab - Shadowspawn\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Special thanks:\par
\par
\b0\tab - To my betatesters for their competence, their help and their patience.\par
\tab - To Zil for his beautiful music pieces.\par
\tab - To members of TTLG The Editors' Guild who helped me with technical issues.\par
\tab - To those of the TTLG forum who encouraged me to finish the campaign.\par
\tab - To Dussander and Louve for their testing forum (http://shalebridgecradle.co.uk) (http://ariane4ever.free.fr/ariane4ever/)\par
 \tab - And to you for playing the Black Frog!\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\tx431\tx431\tx431\tx1584\tx1584\cf2\b\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs28 Version fran\'e7aise\fs20\par
\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\b\par
\fs22 D\'e9but de l'histoire\fs20\par
\b0\i Cette histoire se d\'e9roule quelques ann\'e9es apr\'e8s l'Age de m\'e9tal.\i0\par
\par
Que de vie dans ce petit bourg c\'f4tier. \cf0 C'est la f\'eate de l'ann\'e9e, le festival des chansons de la mer. Amusez-vous bonnes-gens, riez et chantez. Vous le m\'e9ritez bien.\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1 Mais Garrett n'aura pas le temps de participer aux r\'e9jouissances, il est l\'e0 pour rencontrer un messager du nom de Irvin, lequel est envoy\'e9 par un riche seigneur des environs, Sir Belmont. \par
Ce soir, Garrett doit retrouver Irvin dans une des chambres de la taverne "Les trois Hardis". Ici, le messager lui fournira plus de pr\'e9cisions sur la nature du contrat que Belmont a \'e0 lui proposer.\par
\pard\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\b\fs22 Note\fs20\par
\par
\cf2\b0 Cette campagne est la suite de la mission "Emilie Victor" (2003). Mais il n'est pas n\'e9c\'e9ssaire d'avoir jou\'e9 cette mission pour comprendre cette s\'e9rie.\cf0\par
\pard\lang1036\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Conseils\fs20\par
\par
\tab - Enlevez le Schwaa_T2UpgradePack si vous l'utilisez.\lang2057\b0\par
\tab - Mission 1 : Vous n'avez pas besoin de vos armes car les personnages ne sont pas hostiles. Donc appr\'e9ciez juste cette soir\'e9e en vous promenant dans la ville pour chercher tranquillement ce dont vous avez besoin.\lang1036\b  \par
\b0\tab - Mission 1 : Vous pouvez r\'e9gler le son des chansons par les options audio "volume ambiant" (dans le menu du jeu) si vous le souhaitez.\par
\tab - N'oubliez pas de lire tous les \'e9crits, certains d\'e9clenchent des objectifs essentiels pour la mission en cours.\par
\tab - Ne sauvegardez pas pendant une conversation, cela pourrait annuler certains objectifs.\par
\tab - Si possible activez le brouillard. \lang2057 - Si vous avez un syst\'e8me d'environnement r\'e9cent (Vista ou Windows 7) et que vous ne pouvez pas voir le brouillard, essayez d'installer le patch DDFIX : http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=121449\lang1036\par
\tab - Si vous lisez avec attention tous les \'e9crits vous devriez trouver votre chemin dans ces missions sans probl\'e8mes.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Diff\'e9rences entre les objectifs : normal/difficile/expert\b0\fs20\par
\par
\tab fm1 - Balade en do majeur.\par
\tab - Le nombre des valeurs \'e0 d\'e9rober augmente selon les modes de difficult\'e9.\par
\par
\tab fm 2 - Le portrait\par
\tab - Le nombre des valeurs \'e0 d\'e9rober augmente selon les modes de difficult\'e9.\par
\tab - Un objectif est optionnel en mode normal et difficile et obligatoire en mode expert.\par
\par
\tab fm3 - Balade en si mineur.\par
\tab - Les objectifs "Normal" et "Difficile" sont semblables - Un objectif suppl\'e9mentaire apparait en mode expert.\par
\tab - Le nombre d'ennemis augmente selon la difficult\'e9.\par
\par
\tab fm4 - La jeune fille et le voleur\par
\tab - Le nombre d'ennemis augmente selon la difficult\'e9 et le nombre d'items \'e0 trouver diminue.\par
\par
\tab fm5 - La Grenouille Noire\par
\tab - Le nombre d'ennemis augmente selon la difficult\'e9 et le nombre d'items \'e0 trouver diminue.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Beta-testeurs\par
\b0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tab - Lady Jo \par
\tab - Louve \par
\tab - Belea \par
\pard\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Voix fran\'e7aises\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab - Stefan Key : Garrett\par
\tab - Belea : Sir Belmont\par
\tab - Gat : Emilie Victor\par
\tab - Zappenduster: Irvin\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Autres cr\'e9dits\par
\fs20\par
\b0\tab (voir la version anglaise)\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs28 Deutsche Version\par
\fs20\par
\par
\lang1031\fs22 Einf\'fchrung\fs20\par
\b0\i Die Ereignisse finden etliche Jahre nach dem "Metallzeitalter" statt.\par
\i0\par
In dieser K\'fcstenstadt ist allerhand los, n\'e4mlich das maritime Musikfestival \endash  d a s Ereignis des Jahres.\par
Also Leute, am\'fcsiert euch, lacht und singt, ihr habt es euch verdient!\par
Garrett jedoch wird daf\'fcr keine Zeit er\'fcbrigen k\'f6nnen, er ist hier, um einen Boten namens Irvin aufzusuchen, der von einem \'f6rtlichen Edelmann, Graf Belmont, entsandt wurde.\par
In einem Zimmer des Gasthauses \ldblquote Die drei Recken\rdblquote  soll Garrett Irvin treffen, dort \'fcbergibt ihm der Bote alle Einzelheiten zum Auftrag, den Belmont ihm erteilen will.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Hinweis\fs20\par
\cf1\b0\par
\cf2 Diese Kampagne ist die Fortsetzung der FM "Emilie Victor (2002)". F\'fcr das Verst\'e4ndnis wird das Spielen der Vormission jedoch nicht vorausgesetzt.\cf0\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22 Ratschl\'e4ge\fs20\par
\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\tab - Deinstalliere den \b Schwaa_T2UpgradePack\b0 ,\b  \b0 falls Du ihn verwendest\b .\par
\b0\tab - Alle Personen der ersten Mission sind freundlich, so dass keine Waffen vonn\'f6ten sind. Genie\'dfe den ruhigen Abend und suche die erforderlichen Hinweise.\cf1\b\i\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf0\b0\i0\tab - Lies alle Schriften; manche l\'f6sen Ziele aus und sind somit unerl\'e4sslich f\'fcr den Fortgang der Mission.\par
\tab - Nie w\'e4hrend einer Konversation speichern, es k\'f6nnten ungewollt Ziele verhindert werden.\par
\tab - Bei genauem Lesen aller Schriften sollte man seinen Weg durch die Missionen ohne Schwierigkeiten finden.\par
\tab - Aktiviere Nebel. Bei neuerem Betriebssystem (Vista / Windows 7): Versuche es mit dem ddfix-Patch, falls kein Nebel sichtbar ist.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 (siehe http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=121449).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\lang1036\b\fs22 Betatest\fs20\par
\b0\par
\tab - Fibanocci\par
\par
\lang1031 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\lang1036\b\fs22\'dcbersetzung Franz\'f6sisch -> Deutsch\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab - Zappenduster\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
\fs24 Deutsche Stimmen\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab -  Zappenduster: Garrett\par
\tab -  Zappenduster: Graf Belmont\par
\tab -  Trix: Emilie Victor\par
\tab -  Zappenduster: Irvin\par
\lang1031\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\b\fs22 Unterschiede in den Schwierigkeitsgraden Normal / Hart / Experte\fs20\par
\par
\lang1036\b0\tab FM1 - Musik und Lachen \par
\lang1031\tab - Die Beute steigt abh\'e4ngig vom Schwierigkeitsgrad\par
\lang1036\par
\tab FM 2 - Das Portrait \par
\lang1031\tab - Die Beute steigt abh\'e4ngig vom Schwierigkeitsgrad\par
\tab - Unter Normal und Hart ist ein Ziel optional, im Experten-Modus dagegen verbindlich.\lang1036\par
\par
\tab FM 3 - Tr\'e4nen und Bedauern \par
\lang1031\tab - Unter Normal und Hart gelten dieselben Ziele, unter Experte erscheint ein weiteres.\par
\tab - Die Anzahl der Gegner nimmt mit dem Schwierigkeitsgrad zu.\lang1036\par
\par
\tab FM 4 - Dame und Dieb \par
\lang1031\tab - Die Anzahl der Gegner nimmt mit dem Schwierigkeitsgrad zu, w\'e4hrend die der auffindbaren Gegenst\'e4nde abnimmt.\lang1036\par
\par
\tab FM 5 - Der schwarze Frosch\par
\lang1031\tab - Die Anzahl der Gegner nimmt mit dem Schwierigkeitsgrad zu, w\'e4hrend die der auffindbaren Gegenst\'e4nde abnimmt.\lang1036\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\lang1040\b\fs22 Danke an ... \lang1031\b0\par
\par
\lang1036\fs20\tab (siehe ganz oben im englischen Text)\par
\par
\pard -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1049\b\f1\fs28\'d0\'f3\'f1\'f1\'ea\'e0\'ff \'e2\'e5\'f0\'f1\'e8\'ff \par
\fs20\par
\b0\'d7\'f2\'ee\'e1\'fb \'f0\'f3\'f1\'e8\'f4\'e8\'f6\'e8\'f0\'ee\'e2\'e0\'f2\'fc \'ed\'e0\'e7\'e2\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff \'ed\'ee\'e2\'fb\'f5 \'ee\'e1\'fa\'e5\'ea\'f2\'ee\'e2, \'e7\'e0\'ef\'f3\'f1\'f2\'e8\'f2\'e5 \'ef\'e0\'f2\'f7\'e5\'f0 \cf2\b Objects_Rus_Patch.exe\cf0\b0  (\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e4\'e2\'e0\'f0\'e8\'f2\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee \'ef\'f0\'ee\'f7\'f2\'e8\'f2\'e5 \cf2\b Objects_Rus_Patch_Info.txt\b0 ).\cf0\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
\fs22\'cf\'e5\'f0\'e5\'e2\'ee\'e4 \'f1 \'e0\'ed\'e3\'eb\'e8\'e9\'f1\'ea\'ee\'e3\'ee \'ed\'e0 \'f0\'f3\'f1\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e9\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab - Dront, S.Siamsky, Fernan\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22\'d0\'f3\'f1\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e5 \'f8\'f0\'e8\'f4\'f2\'fb\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab - Force, Zontik\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22\'c7\'e0\'e2\'ff\'e7\'ea\'e0\par
\b0\i\fs20\'d1\'ee\'e1\'fb\'f2\'e8\'ff \'fd\'f2\'ee\'e9 \'e8\'f1\'f2\'ee\'f0\'e8\'e8 \'ef\'f0\'ee\'e8\'f1\'f5\'ee\'e4\'ff\'f2 \'f7\'e5\'f0\'e5\'e7 \'ed\'e5\'f1\'ea\'ee\'eb\'fc\'ea\'ee \'eb\'e5\'f2 \'ef\'ee\'f1\'eb\'e5 \'f1\'ee\'e1\'fb\'f2\'e8\'e9 \'dd\'ef\'ee\'f5\'e8 \'cc\'e5\'f2\'e0\'eb\'eb\'e0.\par
\i0\par
\'cd\'fb\'ed\'f7\'e5 \'e6\'e8\'e7\'ed\'fc \'e2 \'fd\'f2\'ee\'ec \'ec\'e0\'eb\'e5\'ed\'fc\'ea\'ee\'ec \'ef\'f0\'e8\'e1\'f0\'e5\'e6\'ed\'ee\'ec \'e3\'ee\'f0\'ee\'e4\'ea\'e5 \'f2\'e0\'ea \'e8 \'ea\'e8\'ef\'e8\'f2. \'c3\'eb\'e0\'e2\'ed\'fb\'e9 \'ec\'e5\'f1\'f2\'ed\'fb\'e9 \'ef\'f0\'e0\'e7\'e4\'ed\'e8\'ea, \'f4\'e5\'f1\'f2\'e8\'e2\'e0\'eb\'fc \lquote\'cf\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e8 \'cc\'ee\'f0\'ff\rquote , \'e2 \'f1\'e0\'ec\'ee\'ec \'f0\'e0\'e7\'e3\'e0\'f0\'e5, \'e8 \'e2\'f1\'e5 \'ea\'f0\'f3\'e3\'ee\'ec \'e2\'e5\'f1\'e5\'eb\'ff\'f2\'f1\'ff, \'f1\'ec\'e5\'fe\'f2\'f1\'ff \'e8 \'ef\'ee\'fe\'f2. \'d2\'fb \'fd\'f2\'ee \'e7\'e0\'f1\'eb\'f3\'e6\'e8\'eb.\line\'cd\'ee \'f3 \'c3\'e0\'f0\'f0\'e5\'f2\'f2\'e0 \'ed\'e5\'f2 \'e2\'f0\'e5\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e8 \'ef\'f0\'e0\'e7\'e4\'ed\'ee\'e2\'e0\'f2\'fc, \'ee\'ed \'e7\'e4\'e5\'f1\'fc, \'f7\'f2\'ee\'e1\'fb \'e2\'f1\'f2\'f0\'e5\'f2\'e8\'f2\'fc\'f1\'ff \'f1 \'c8\'f0\'e2\'e8\'ed\'ee\'ec, \'ef\'ee\'f1\'eb\'e0\'ed\'ed\'e8\'ea\'ee\'ec \'ec\'e5\'f1\'f2\'ed\'ee\'e3\'ee \'e1\'ee\'e3\'e0\'f2\'e5\'ff, \'f1\'fd\'f0\'e0 \'c1\'e5\'eb\'ec\'ee\'ed\'f2\'e0.\line\'d1\'e5\'e3\'ee\'e4\'ed\'ff \'e2\'e5\'f7\'e5\'f0\'ee\'ec \'c3\'e0\'f0\'f0\'e5\'f2\'f2 \'e4\'ee\'eb\'e6\'e5\'ed \'ed\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e8 \'c8\'f0\'e2\'e8\'ed\'e0 \'e2 \'ee\'e4\'ed\'ee\'ec \'e8\'e7 \'ed\'ee\'ec\'e5\'f0\'ee\'e2 \f2\fs24\'ef\'ee\'f1\'f2\'ee\'ff\'eb\'ee\'e3\'ee \'e4\'e2\'ee\'f0\'e0\f1\fs20  "\'d2\'f0\'e8 \'e3\'e5\'f0\'ee\'ff". \'d2\'e0\'ec \'ef\'ee\'f1\'eb\'e0\'ed\'ed\'e8\'ea \'e2 \'e4\'e5\'f2\'e0\'eb\'ff\'f5 \'f0\'e0\'f1\'f1\'ea\'e0\'e6\'e5\'f2 \'e5\'ec\'f3 \'ee \'ea\'ee\'ed\'f2\'f0\'e0\'ea\'f2\'e5, \'ef\'f0\'e5\'e4\'eb\'ee\'e6\'e5\'ed\'ed\'ee\'ec \'c1\'e5\'eb\'ec\'ee\'ed\'f2\'ee\'ec.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22\'cf\'f0\'e8\'ec\'e5\'f7\'e0\'ed\'e8\'e5\fs20\par
\par
\cf2\b0\'dd\'f2\'e0 \'ea\'e0\'ec\'ef\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff \'ff\'e2\'eb\'ff\'e5\'f2\'f1\'ff \'ef\'f0\'ee\'e4\'ee\'eb\'e6\'e5\'ed\'e8\'e5\'ec \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'e8 "\'dd\'ec\'e8\'eb\'e8 \'c2\'e8\'ea\'f2\'ee\'f0" (2002 \'e3.). \'cd\'ee \'e4\'eb\'ff \'ef\'f0\'e0\'e2\'e8\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'e3\'ee \'ef\'ee\'ed\'e8\'ec\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff \'e8\'e3\'f0\'e0\'f2\'fc \'e2 \'f2\'f3 \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'fe \'e2\'ee\'e2\'f1\'e5 \'ed\'e5 \'ee\'e1\'ff\'e7\'e0\'f2\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee.\cf3\par
\cf0\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22\'cf\'f0\'e5\'e4\'f3\'ef\'f0\'e5\'e6\'e4\'e5\'ed\'e8\'ff \'e8 \'f1\'ee\'e2\'e5\'f2\'fb\fs20\par
\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\tab - \cf2\'c5\'f1\'eb\'e8 \'e2\'fb \'e8\'f1\'ef\'ee\'eb\'fc\'e7\'f3\'e5\'f2\'e5 \cf0\b Schwaa_T2UpgradePack, \b0\'e4\'e5\'e8\'ed\'f1\'f2\'e0\'eb\'eb\'e8\'f0\'f3\'e9\'f2\'e5 \'e5\'e3\'ee\b .\lang1033\f0  \lang1049\b0\f1\'ce\cf2\'f2\'e4\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'fb\'e5 \'e1\'e5\'f2\'e0-\'f2\'e5\'f1\'f2\'e5\'f0\'fb \'e8\'ec\'e5\'eb\'e8 \'f1 \'ed\'e8\'ec \'ef\'f0\'ee\'e1\'eb\'e5\'ec\'fb.\par
\cf0\tab - \'c2\'f1\'ff\'ea\'e8\'e9, \'ea\'ee\'e3\'ee \'e2\'fb \'e2\'f1\'f2\'f0\'e5\'f2\'e8\'f2\'e5 \'e2 \'ef\'e5\'f0\'e2\'ee\'e9 \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'e8, \'ed\'e0\'f1\'f2\'f0\'ee\'e5\'ed \'ea \'e2\'e0\'ec \'e4\'f0\'f3\'e6\'e5\'f1\'f2\'e2\'e5\'ed\'ed\'ee, \'f2\'e0\'ea \'f7\'f2\'ee \'ee\'f0\'f3\'e6\'e8\'e5 \'ef\'ee\'ea\'e0 \'ed\'e8 \'ea \'f7\'e5\'ec\'f3. \'cd\'e0\'f1\'eb\'e0\'e6\'e4\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e5\'f1\'fc \'f2\'e8\'f5\'e8\'ec \'e2\'e5\'f7\'e5\'f0\'ee\'ec, \'f7\'f2\'ee\'e1\'fb \'ed\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e8 \'f2\'ee, \'f7\'f2\'ee \'e2\'e0\'ec \'ed\'f3\'e6\'ed\'ee.\cf1\b\i\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf0\b0\i0\tab - \'c2 \'ef\'e5\'f0\'e2\'ee\'e9 \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'e8 \'e2\'fb \'ec\'ee\'e6\'e5\'f2\'e5 (\'ef\'ee \'e6\'e5\'eb\'e0\'ed\'e8\'fe) \'e4\'ee\'e1\'e0\'e2\'e8\'f2\'fc \'e3\'f0\'ee\'ec\'ea\'ee\'f1\'f2\'fc \'ef\'e5\'f1\'e5\'ed \'f7\'e5\'f0\'e5\'e7 \'e0\'f3\'e4\'e8\'ee-\'ed\'e0\'f1\'f2\'f0\'ee\'e9\'ea\'e8 \'e2 \'ec\'e5\'ed\'fe \'e8\'e3\'f0\'fb (\'ef\'e0\'f0\'e0\'ec\'e5\'f2\'f0 "\'c3\'f0\'ee\'ec\'ea\'ee\'f1\'f2\'fc \'f4\'ee\'ed\'e0"\lang1033\f0 )\lang1049\f1 . \par
\tab - \'d7\'e8\'f2\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e5 \'e2\'f1\'e5 \'ef\'e8\'f1\'fc\'ec\'e0 \'e8 \'e7\'e0\'ef\'e8\'f1\'ea\'e8, \'ed\'e5\'ea\'ee\'f2\'ee\'f0\'fb\'e5 \'e8\'e7 \'ed\'e8\'f5 \'e0\'ea\'f2\'e8\'e2\'e8\'f0\'f3\'fe\'f2 \'ed\'ee\'e2\'fb\'e5 \'e7\'e0\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff \'e4\'eb\'ff \'f0\'e0\'e7\'e2\'e8\'f2\'e8\'ff \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'e8.\par
\tab - \'cd\'e5 \'f1\'ee\'f5\'f0\'e0\'ed\'ff\'e9\'f2\'e5 \'e8\'e3\'f0\'f3 \'e2\'ee \'e2\'f0\'e5\'ec\'ff \'e4\'e8\'e0\'eb\'ee\'e3\'ee\'e2. \'dd\'f2\'ee \'ec\'ee\'e6\'e5\'f2 \'ef\'ee\'ec\'e5\'f8\'e0\'f2\'fc \'ef\'f0\'e0\'e2\'e8\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'ec\'f3 \'ee\'f2\'ee\'e1\'f0\'e0\'e6\'e5\'ed\'e8\'fe \'f6\'e5\'eb\'e5\'e9.\par
\tab - \'c5\'f1\'eb\'e8 \'e2\'fb \'e2\'ed\'e8\'ec\'e0\'f2\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee \'f7\'e8\'f2\'e0\'eb\'e8 \'e2\'f1\'e5 \'f2\'e5\'ea\'f1\'f2\'fb, \'e4\'eb\'ff \'e2\'e0\'f1 \'ed\'e5 \'f1\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e2\'e8\'f2 \'f2\'f0\'f3\'e4\'e0 \'ed\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e8 \'e2\'fb\'f5\'ee\'e4 \'e2 \'fd\'f2\'e8\'f5 \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff\'f5.\par
\tab - \'c0\'ea\'f2\'e8\'e2\'e8\'f0\'f3\'e9\'f2\'e5 \'e2 \'e8\'e3\'f0\'e5 \'f2\'f3\'ec\'e0\'ed. \'c5\'f1\'eb\'e8 \'f3 \'e2\'e0\'f1 \'ed\'ee\'e2\'e0\'ff \'ce\'d1 (Vista \'e8\'eb\'e8 Windows 7) \'e8 \'f2\'f3\'ec\'e0\'ed \'ee\'f2\'f1\'f3\'f2\'f1\'f2\'e2\'f3\'e5\'f2, \'ef\'ee\'ef\'f0\'ee\'e1\'f3\'e9\'f2\'e5 \'ef\'e0\'f2\'f7 DDFIX : http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=121449\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \b\fs22\par
\'c8\'e3\'f0\'ee\'e2\'e0\'ff \'e8\'ed\'f4\'ee\'f0\'ec\'e0\'f6\'e8\'ff\fs20\par
\b0\par
           \tab\'c8\'e3\'f0\'e0:\tab\tab\tab        Thief 2: The Metal Age\par
           \tab\'cd\'e0\'e7\'e2\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff \'ec\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'e9: \tab        \'cf\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e8 \'e8 \'f1\'ec\'e5\'f5 - \'cf\'ee\'f0\'f2\'f0\'e5\'f2 \endash  \'d1\'eb\'b8\'e7\'fb \'e8 \'e3\'ee\'f0\'e5\'f7\'fc \endash  \'cb\'e5\'e4\'e8 \'e8 \'e2\'ee\'f0 \endash  \'d7\'b8\'f0\'ed\'e0\'ff \'cb\'ff\'e3\'f3\'f8\'ea\'e0\par
           \tab\'c8\'ec\'e5\'ed\'e0 \'f4\'e0\'e9\'eb\'ee\'e2: \tab        \lang1036\f0\tab        \lang1049\f1 miss20.mis - miss21.mis - miss22.mis - miss23.mis - miss24.mis\par
           \tab\'d3\'f0\'ee\'e2\'ed\'e8 \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8:\lang1033\f0  \tab        \lang1049\f1\'c4\'e0\par
           \tab\'cb\'e0\'e2\'ea\'e0 \'f1\'ed\'e0\'f0\'ff\'e6\'e5\'ed\'e8\'ff: \tab        \'c4\'e0\par
           \tab\'ca\'e0\'f0\'f2\'e0/\'c0\'e2\'f2\'ee\'ea\'e0\'f0\'f2\'e0: \tab        \'c4\'e0/\'cd\'e5\'f2\par
           \tab\'cd\'ee\'e2\'e0\'ff \'e3\'f0\'e0\'f4\'e8\'ea\'e0: \tab        \'c4\'e0\par
           \tab\'cd\'ee\'e2\'fb\'e5 \'e7\'e2\'f3\'ea\'e8: \tab\tab        \'c4\'e0\par
           \tab\'cd\'ee\'e2\'fb\'e5 \'ec\'ee\'e4\'e5\'eb\'e8: \tab        \'c4\'e0\par
           \tab\'cf\'ee\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f0\'e6\'ea\'e0 EAX: \tab        \'cd\'e5\'f2\par
          \tab\'cc\'f3\'eb\'fc\'f2\'e8-\'ff\'e7\'fb\'f7\'ed\'e0\'ff \'ef\'ee\'e4\'e4\'e5\'f0\'e6\'ea\'e0:\lang1036\f0  \lang1049\f1\'c0\'ed\'e3\'eb\'e8\'e9\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e9, \'f4\'f0\'e0\'ed\'f6\'f3\'e7\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e9, \'ed\'e5\'ec\'e5\'f6\'ea\'e8\'e9, \'f0\'f3\'f1\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e9\par
           \tab\'c1\'f0\'e8\'f4\'e8\'ed\'e3: \tab                    \'c4\'e0\par
\par
\tab\'c1\'e0\'e7\'e0: \tab\tab                    \'d1 \'ed\'f3\'eb\'ff\par
          \tab\'d0\'e0\'e7\'ec\'e5\'f0 \'ea\'e0\'f0\'f2: \tab                    \'cc\'e0\'eb\'e5\'ed\'fc\'ea\'e8\'e9/\'d1\'f0\'e5\'e4\'ed\'e8\'e9/\'c1\'ee\'eb\'fc\'f8\'ee\'e9\par
          \tab\'c2\'f0\'e5\'ec\'ff \'f1\'ee\'e7\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff: \lang1036\f0\tab        \lang1049\f1\'d1\'eb\'e8\'f8\'ea\'ee\'ec \'e4\'ee\'eb\'e3\'ee!\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \par
\b\fs22\'d0\'e0\'e7\'eb\'e8\'f7\'e8\'ff \'e2 \'e7\'e0\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'ff\'f5 : \'cd\'ee\'f0\'ec\'e0\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee / \'d1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee / \'dd\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f0\'f2\fs20\par
\par
\b0\tab\'cc\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff 1 \endash  \'cf\'e5\'f1\'ed\'e8 \'e8 \'f1\'ec\'e5\'f5\par
\tab - \'ca\'ee\'eb\'e8\'f7\'e5\'f1\'f2\'e2\'ee \'ed\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f5\'ee\'e4\'e8\'ec\'ee\'e9 \'e4\'ee\'e1\'fb\'f7\'e8 \'e2\'ee\'e7\'f0\'e0\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e5\'f2 \'e2 \'e7\'e0\'e2\'e8\'f1\'e8\'ec\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8 \'ee\'f2 \'f3\'f0\'ee\'e2\'ed\'ff \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8.\par
\par
\tab\'cc\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff 2 \endash  \'cf\'ee\'f0\'f2\'f0\'e5\'f2\par
\tab - \'ca\'ee\'eb\'e8\'f7\'e5\'f1\'f2\'e2\'ee \'ed\'e5\'ee\'e1\'f5\'ee\'e4\'e8\'ec\'ee\'e9 \'e4\'ee\'e1\'fb\'f7\'e8 \'e2\'ee\'e7\'f0\'e0\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e5\'f2 \'e2 \'e7\'e0\'e2\'e8\'f1\'e8\'ec\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8 \'ee\'f2 \'f3\'f0\'ee\'e2\'ed\'ff \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8.\par
\tab - \'c2 \'ed\'ee\'f0\'ec\'e0\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'ec \'e8 \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'ec \'f0\'e5\'e6\'e8\'ec\'e5 \'ee\'e4\'ed\'ee \'e7\'e0\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'e5 \'ee\'ef\'f6\'e8\'ee\'ed\'e0\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'e5. \'c2 \'f0\'e5\'e6\'e8\'ec\'e5 \'fd\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f0\'f2\'e0 \'fd\'f2\'ee \'e7\'e0\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'e5 - \'ee\'e1\'ff\'e7\'e0\'f2\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'e5.\par
\par
\tab\'cc\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff 3 \endash  \'d1\'eb\'b8\'e7\'fb \'e8 \'e3\'ee\'f0\'e5\'f7\'fc\par
\tab - \'d6\'e5\'eb\'e8 \'e2 \'ed\'ee\'f0\'ec\'e0\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'ec \'e8 \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'ec \'f0\'e5\'e6\'e8\'ec\'e5 \'ee\'e4\'e8\'ed\'e0\'ea\'ee\'e2\'fb. \'c2 \'f0\'e5\'e6\'e8\'ec\'e5 \'fd\'ea\'f1\'ef\'e5\'f0\'f2\'e0 \'e8\'ec\'e5\'e5\'f2\'f1\'ff \'ee\'e4\'ed\'ee \'e4\'ee\'ef\'ee\'eb\'ed\'e8\'f2\'e5\'eb\'fc\'ed\'ee\'e5 \'e7\'e0\'e4\'e0\'ed\'e8\'e5.\par
\tab - \'d7\'e8\'f1\'eb\'ee \'e2\'f0\'e0\'e3\'ee\'e2 \'e2\'ee\'e7\'f0\'e0\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e5\'f2 \'f1\'ee \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'fc\'fe.\par
\par
\tab\'cc\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff 4 \endash  \'c3\'ee\'f1\'ef\'ee\'e6\'e0 \'e8 \'e2\'ee\'f0\par
\tab - \'d7\'e8\'f1\'eb\'ee \'e2\'f0\'e0\'e3\'ee\'e2 \'e2\'ee\'e7\'f0\'e0\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e5\'f2 \'f1\'ee \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'fc\'fe, \'e0 \'f7\'e8\'f1\'eb\'ee \'f2\'ee\'e3\'ee, \'f7\'f2\'ee \'ec\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee \'ed\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e8, \'f3\'ec\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f8\'e0\'e5\'f2\'f1\'ff.\par
\par
\tab\'cc\'e8\'f1\'f1\'e8\'ff 5 \endash  \'d7\'b8\'f0\'ed\'e0\'ff \'cb\'ff\'e3\'f3\'f8\'ea\'e0\par
\tab - \'d7\'e8\'f1\'eb\'ee \'e2\'f0\'e0\'e3\'ee\'e2 \'e2\'ee\'e7\'f0\'e0\'f1\'f2\'e0\'e5\'f2 \'f1\'ee \'f1\'eb\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'fc\'fe, \'e0 \'f7\'e8\'f1\'eb\'ee \'f2\'ee\'e3\'ee, \'f7\'f2\'ee \'ec\'ee\'e6\'ed\'ee \'ed\'e0\'e9\'f2\'e8, \'f3\'ec\'e5\'ed\'fc\'f8\'e0\'e5\'f2\'f1\'ff.\par
\b\par
\b0 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b\fs22\'c1\'eb\'e0\'e3\'ee\'e4\'e0\'f0\'ed\'ee\'f1\'f2\'e8 ... \b0\par
\par
\fs20\tab (\'f1\'ec. \'e0\'ed\'e3\'eb\'e8\'e9\'f1\'ea\'e8\'e9 \'f2\'e5\'ea\'f1\'f2)\par
\lang1036\f0\par
\lang1049\f1 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\lang1036\f0\par
\pard\par
\par
\lang1040\b\fs24 Copyright Information \fs20\par
\b0\par
These levels were made by Ga\'ebtane (Gat)\par
\par
Distribution of these levels is allowed as long as they are free and the package is kept intact. You may not include these levels to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit these missions or modify them in any way.\par
\par
These levels were not made and are not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\lang1036\par
\par
\par
}
 