{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid91509\rsid137137\rsid556329\rsid932043\rsid983293\rsid1974807\rsid2379621\rsid2838663\rsid3684566\rsid4030344\rsid4720945\rsid5330549\rsid5470449\rsid5639502\rsid5916905\rsid6555688\rsid6560977
\rsid6562007\rsid7089358\rsid7363952\rsid7417850\rsid8150560\rsid8194615\rsid8992219\rsid9445263\rsid9512696\rsid9900605\rsid9968563\rsid10164686\rsid10224769\rsid10321384\rsid10488167\rsid10705809\rsid10772692\rsid10880988\rsid12202211\rsid12281002
\rsid12330680\rsid12342985\rsid12530172\rsid13131003\rsid13901295\rsid15086930\rsid15630063\rsid15736249\rsid16143460\rsid16469440\rsid16540980\rsid16541347}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info
{\title ____________________________________________________________}{\author Paul}{\operator Paul}{\creatim\yr2012\mo11\dy10\hr22\min58}{\revtim\yr2012\mo12\dy31\hr14\min14}{\version47}{\edmins71}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1690}{\nofchars9636}
{\*\company <arabianhorse>}{\nofcharsws11304}{\vern24615}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7089358\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12330680 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12330680 =============================================================
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7089358 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par The spider weaves the curtains 
\par In the palace of the King,
\par The mouse scurries in the wall
\par Where the Hammer choirs sing.
\par The owl calls the watches 
\par In the mage\rquote s silent towers,
\par The bat flies in the forest
\par With the Pagans and their flowers.
\par All their secrets spoken
\par Said without a care
\par Never are they knowing
\par Who is listening there.
\par \tab -Old Keeper lullaby
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par 
\par **Bones**
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980 Part 1
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid983293 25}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16143460  Dec 2012
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2838663 Version 1.04. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16469440 Minor }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6560977 fixes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16469440 .
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid91509 - }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Please update Thief 2 to version 1.19 to play this mission.
\par 
\par =============================================================
\par Title\tab \tab  : Bones
\par Filename\tab  : Bones.zip
\par Authors\tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8150560  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 :Paul Harvey and Jason Sinclair
\par Contact info\tab : pharv@hotmail.com
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8150560 \tab \tab   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 storybuilder@yahoo.com
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Lieutenant Stroud suddenly stopped writing her report, halting midway through a word. Her quill remained on the paper, a blossoming circle of black ink obliterating her previous work. A chill ran through her, like mice running over dry bones. Something wa
s wrong. 
\par Her years in the city watch had honed her senses, and subtle clues--minute shifts in the light, a gentle puff of air--told her she wasn't alone.
\par "Don't turn around," said a man's voice. His voice. Rage filled her blood, her mouth tasting of copper.
\par Her hand blurred towards her belt. Panic seized her when she found the scabbard empty, her dagger missing. A small needle of pain flared in her throat. "Looking for this?" the voice asked as a blade pricked her skin. 
\par "Lieutenant Stroud, this is the third time you've tried that. You've really got to stop."
\par Her rage fell away and a horrible, defeated sadness replaced it. "Leave me alone," she said.
\par "In due time, Lieutenant. But not just yet."
\par "What do you want?" she asked. "What more of my dignity can you strip from me?"
\par "I want what everybody wants. You know; comfort, security, a home in Lampfire Hills. But what I want from you, Lieutenant Stroud, is information."
\par She paused. "I...can't keep doing this."
\par "Yes, you can."
\par She closed her eyes, hating this man, this carrion bird, with all her soul. 
\par "People are getting suspicious. Even Captain Phillips. You burglarized the museum right after--" 
\par The man sighed. 
\par "Lieutenant Stroud...May I call you Jessica?"
\par "No."
\par "Jessica, I have no interest in your relations with your fellow bulldog}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980 s. All I'm interested in hearing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 from you are the answers to a few questions." 
\par His voice became icy. "And you will answer them, because if you don't, your loving husband Arthur will discover that his son was sired by another man."
\par A peculiar mix of longing and shame swept through her. Images of that summer with Kevin, all those years}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
ago, spun through her mind, all fragmented, beautiful, and sad, like crushed flowers. "Damn you..." she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3684566  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 whispered, he}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid6555688 r}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358  voice hitching.
\par "You're not the first to say that, Jessica."
\par "I know your name," she said suddenly. 
\par The man fell silent. She felt a change in the air; her words had startled him. 
\par "Do you now?" he asked carefully.
\par "Your name is Garrett." She had been saving that fact to use if she really needed it. Now seemed as good a time as any.
\par The man, the notorious thief named Garrett, fell silent again, almost pensive. Then he chuckled.
\par "Bravo, Jessica, bravo. Fine detective work, my dear."
\par "We'll catch you."
\par "No, you won't. But you did show me I'm getting careless, and for that I thank you. Thus, an exchange...you answer a few questions right now, and then I'll leave you alone. Agreed?"
\par She nodded. Anything to be rid of this wood tick.
\par "Yesterday, you oversaw the security detail for the unloading of a riverboat named The Spangled Cur. Rumor has it there was a very valuable spice shipment onboard. Is this true?"
\par "Yes."
\par "Where is this shipment now?"
\par "In the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Eastport{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Beach{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} dockhouse."

\par Her tormentor paused. "Where?"
\par "The {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Eastport{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Beach{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 dockhouse. In the Old Quarter."
\par She shook her head. "The re-opened Old Quarter, I mean." 
\par He grunted. He apparently wasn't used to the Old Quarter being open again either. 
\par "Where in the dockhouse?"
\par "I don't know. Tendgaff, the dockmaster, took it."
\par "Do you have a map of the Old Quarter? A current one, made after all the re-building?"
\par She nodded, moving her hand to open a desk drawer. The blade asserted itself at her throat once more.
\par "Ahh-ahh. Slowly," he cautioned. She did as he said, pulling the map out and handing it to him. It disappeared behind her.
\par She waited for his next question, but none came. Curiosity began to gnaw at her, and she carefully}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid137137  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 turned around.
\par Her office was empty. She leaped out of her chair, ready to fling open her door and charge out into the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
hall when a bit of movement caught her eye. Looking up, she saw the end of some rope disappear over the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid137137  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 edge of her open skylight and into the darkness beyond
. As she watched, a folded piece of paper suddenly fluttered down through the opening, turning in a lazy spiral. It made a small scuffing noise when}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid137137  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
it hit the ground.
\par She snatched it off the floor. On the outside, in a neat, crabbed printing read a single phrase:
\par NICE WORKING WITH YOU.
\par She furiously tore open the paper, then froze when she saw what it was.
\par It was a letter, one written in her hand. A letter to Kevin, telling him she bore his son. A letter she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid137137  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 never delivered.
\par That was how Garrett knew. And now it was hers again.
\par Lieutenant Jessica Stroud sank to her knees, covered her face with her hands, and began to weep.   
\par 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par (TRANSCRIPT OF BRIEFING MOVIE:)
\par 
\par GARRETT:
\par 
\par After Karras had met his untimely death in Soul Forge--not that I would know anything about that--the remaining Mechanists were not well received by the City Aldermen. They needed goodwill, and fast. A Mechanist named Sister Flywheel presented the City a 
proposal...The Mechanists would reclaim the Old Quarter for them--for a modest fee, of course. After all, The Eye was gone--something else I know nothing about--so no NEW undead were being created.
\par 
\par The Aldermen were dubious, but agreed. So the Mechanists b
uilt their war machines and told them to destroy the restless dead. A hole was breached in the Palisade, and the machines went into the Old Quarter. You could hear the sounds of combat for weeks. The undead are nothing to trifle with, but steel and explos
ives won out.
\par 
\par A few months ago the Aldermen allowed people inside, and the rebuilding began. The ruined Old Quarter had fallen into deep decay, but people didn\rquote t care. Every noble and land baron moved as one to grab as much land as they could. Greed oversh
adowed planning, so the Old Quarter is now a maze, a hodge-podge of conflicting styles and buildings running into each other. The land barons have offered incentives to get people to move in, but not many want to live where the dead recently roamed about.

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4030344 The spice shipment I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 'm after is in the harbor building at {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}EastPort{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Beach{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
. Since some collapsed sewer tunnels were widened into canals to ferry goods, I should just follow them to the harbor. 
\par 
\par One of my contacts was involve
d in construction all over the district, and heard many rumors of valuable objects in need of a good home--all of which he was happy to tell me for another bottle of wine. If I poke around the area, this could be a very lucrative night. 
\par 
\par Of course, if I poke around in the wrong places, I might meet some undead that the war machines missed. Some undead have been spotted here and there, so at night the gates are locked up tighter than the Grand Hammerite\rquote 
s chastity belt. However, there\rquote s a bluff I can use to get in, if I don\rquote t mind a little swim. 
\par 
\par Ugh. I never wanted to return to the Old Quarter again. Something always seems to go wrong...    
\par 
\par 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par * Play Information *
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab : Thief 2: The Metal Age v 1.19
\par Level Names\tab \tab : The Old Quarter
\par File names\tab \tab : Miss20.mis
\par Difficulty Settings}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8150560 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : Yes
\par Equipment store\tab : Yes 
\par Map/Automap\tab \tab : Yes (not an automap)
\par New graphics\tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8150560 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : Yes
\par New sounds\tab \tab : Yes(DEDX)
\par New conversations\tab : No
\par New models\tab \tab : Yes (DEDX)
\par EAX Support\tab \tab : No
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10224769 Multi language\tab \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : No
\par Briefing\tab \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8150560 : Yes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par _____________________________________________________________
\par      
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 * Construction *
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6562007 Base\tab \tab \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : DEDX gamesys, terrain from scratch
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2379621 Build Time\tab \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10488167 Quite a long time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par 
\par Credits:
\par =========
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8194615 Architecture, Drom}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15630063 Ed work, Scripting, story, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 artwork}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15630063 
, some readables}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : Paul Harvey
\par Story, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8194615 Intro script and Briefing text, Readables}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 : Jason Sinclair
\par Briefing Movie: Laz (Steve Flake)
\par Voice Acting & Briefing Music: LoanStar (Paul Billo)
\par New weapons (IceBomb, Detonation }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 & Necro }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Arrow}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 ) an
d new AI by Rob Hicks
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2838663 Textures by Undule, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 GOB}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2838663 , Sliptip}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 .
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10880988 Additional te}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5470449 xtures from a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10880988 pack put together by Xorak.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9512696 Couple of textures used from COSAS mission 1.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16540980 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Thanks to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 /further credits}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 :
\par ----------
\par Looking Glass Studios for Thief and DromEd.
\par All the taffers at the Editor's Guild, TTLG.
\par Epithumia for hosting.
\par Apache for Carryover Tut.
\par Avalon for Thief Objective Wizard.
\par Tomi for the New Map Pages and for a very early attempt to debug.
\par Preno, EmperorSteele and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Jericho{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} for }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 very early iteration }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7089358 Alpha Testing.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7417850 RSoul for }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 Guard Helmet }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7417850 Fix and Fence Fix Objects.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 SilentSleep for the BlackOutBomb Technique.
\par Nameless Voice for the vRand Tut and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9900605 Lantern }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Objects.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8992219 Gaylesaver for his work on custom scripts.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Targa for the Dome Rooftop objects.
\par Purah for the compass/lightgem/some AI textures, and for making }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 great}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358  FM's.
\par Huge thanks to Rob Hicks for creating Dromed Deluxe and everyone who contributed to it.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12202211 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10321384 Big thanks to Tannar, all at Shalebridge Cradle testing forums and the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 Testing team for all their work on this:
\par 
\par Alpha Tester: Daraan
\par Beta testers: nickie, Nightwalker, The Phantom, Jones Crusher, bob_doe_nz, itllrun10s, Gloria Creep}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5916905 , gigagooga.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13901295 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 This mission was abandoned and then re-started in part thanks to version 1.19. Special thanks to the taffers who worked on 1.19.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 If I have missed anyone, please email me and I'll be happy to include you here.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7089358 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043 Gameplay }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 Notes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 :}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043 ---------------------
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12530172 Please map the 'next weapon' function to a key in your custom binds to acc}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10164686 ess the new arrow types in-game.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043 
\par Icebombs: If used on an AI they will become immobile for a time and see through. Later if you blackjack them it will count as a kill (as if the AI is frozen and then cracked). 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 
\par If you swim outside }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043 (blue water) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 the player will take a bit of damage. It's freezing!
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12530172 In the sewers}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043  (green water)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12530172  the player won't take any damage from the water.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5330549 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5330549 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5330549 Please turn Fog and Weather Effects ON (if your vid card supports these features).
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7089358 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5330549 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 Known Bugs: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12202211 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901295 It snows in the water some places. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid932043 
\par AI path finding anomalies from time to time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15736249 Some reports of disappearing doors}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid983293  from some testers}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15736249 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7089358 
\par ====================
\par 
\par * Loading Information *
\par 
\par Leave zipped and run in Darkloader
\par 
\par ====================
\par 
\par * Copyright Information *
\par 
\par This level is \'a9 by Paul Harvey and Jason Sinclair
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level in any map pack without my permission. 
\par You MAY edit and re-distribute this mission. Please credit me with the base or whatever you use. 
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos 
\par Interactive.
\par 
\par    
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}