{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 John Handy LET;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs56                 \f1 UNE NUIT A\par
\fs96    ROCKSBOURG\f0\par
\cf0\ul\b0\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\b\fs24 * Episode N\'b01 *   \par
                              \i0\f1\fs56 Un nouveau d\'e9part\f0\par
\b0\fs20\par
\ul\i\fs28 ENGLISH :\ulnone  \par
\lang2057\i0\fs20\par
\lang1036\ul\b Author\ulnone  \b0                            \b :\b0       DrK (Kubiac)\par
\ul\b Contact info\ulnone\b0                    \b :\b0       Eric.bigou@wanadoo.fr\par
\ul\b Release date\ulnone\b0                  \b :\b0       November 2005 (English version : December 2005)\par
\ul\b Version\ulnone            \b0                \b : \b0      1.2\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs16\par
\b\i\fs24 * Description *     \par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
The first mission of my six-mission campaign, which takes place during one night in the town of Rocksbourg.  \par
In this mission, explore Rocksbourg and soak up the atmopshere !\par
\par
These events take place immediately after Thief II and some time before Thief III.\par
\par
This is my first fan mission.  It took quite a lot of trouble to create, and there still might be a bug or two, \par
but I hope the mission is playable.\par
\par
Enjoy!\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\i0\fs20\par
\ulnone\b\i\fs24 * Briefing *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
You'd better watch the video...  ;)\par
\par
\lang1033 "Karras is dead. Blinded by fanaticism, he forgot he was human and nothing more. The Builder's chosen one, defeated by a thief. It makes me smile. But Viktoria's plan wasn't perfect. It cost her life, and she wasn't the only one. Some of Karras' servants stayed locked in the manors. Others didn't respond to the beacon's call -- certainly a fault of their maker. But the consequences were tragic.\par
\par
After the incident at Soulforge, the authorities and citizens discovered Karras' evil plans, and turned against the remaining Mechanists. Without support, the order fell. Yet again, I'm the one who saved the City, but heroism didn't suit me the first time.\par
\par
With the collapse of the Mechanists, the City became chaotic. Plots, conspiracies, murders. Theft too. The city watch was torn into factions: some followed Lt. Mosley's every word, but many who prospered under Truart joined together and ridiculously praised his memory. The Hammerites returned in strength to reclaim what they perceived as their rightful power. They threatened to fill Cragscleft with prisoners -- criminals or not -- just like in the golden days. Too much action, not enough shadows, and so I took the advice of the Keepers. I decided to leave the City for a time, to let some water flow under the bridge.\par
\par
For my retreat, I traveled to Rocksbourg, some kind of ancient fortress town that was considered impregnable. Except for a few local tales, Rocksbourg was a discreet place ignored by everyone. For a thief like me, it was the perfect place to vanish. When I arrived two weeks ago, I found refuge with Garibald, a contact of the Keepers. He said there were three such contacts in town, but he didn't know the other two. I expected them to appear on their own schedule, as usual.\par
\par
With time on my hands, I explored Rocksbourg. I didn't enter the fortress heart of the city, where all the wealth is concentrated. The area is protected by high walls and guards. So I worked the outskirts. A few acquisitions, barely enough to pay for lodging and food, barely enough for my time. But those who keep their ears open on the street can hear curious things...\par
\par
Indeed, the Mechanists, or what's left of them, haven't vanished completely. There are some in Rocksbourg who call themselves the "Builder's Children". They claim to be more moderate than Karras. Before the fall of Soulforge and Karras' death, one of his colleagues fled the City and came to Rocksbourg. A man named Feguen. The name struck me, and then I remembered when and where I heard it: eavesdropping at the door of the Mechanist church, listening to the conversation between Karras and Truart. "Friend Feguen, could you please sweep these remains..."  Feguen joined with the Mechanists in Rocksbourg, where he met another leader named Dreyfus. Despite my efforts, I couldn't learn anything about Dreyfus, but I know that together the men broke away from Karras' version of the Mechanist path.\par
\par
As I figured, the Keepers soon contacted me. I received a message: they want to meet me immediately, back in the Old City. But before returning, I have a night in Rocksbourg. A special night. The heart of the fortress town offers a great opportunity, one I've avoided until now. I'll have to enter the area first. But inside is the Builder's Cathedral, some kind of religious complex, a bastion of the Hammerites. They resisted the Mechanists, but now the Hammers are fatigued and short of men. I want to pay them a visit before leaving town. Poor Hammers, they must collapse beneath all the money they've got. But when it comes to their money, I've always been a charitable soul...\par
\par
A nightmare, all this inactivity. Darkness has fallen over Rocksbourg, and it's time to work. Garrett is back\lang1036 ..."\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Game information *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
\ul\b Version 1.2\ulnone                               :\b0       English version added\par
                                                      A few details added\par
                                                      Minor bugs fixed\par
                                                      Easter Egg added\par
\par
\ul\b Game\ulnone\b0                                         \b :\b0       Thief II - The metal age \par
\ul\b Campaign name\ulnone\b0                        \b :\b0       Une nuit \'e0 Rocksbourg (A Night in Rocksbourg)\par
\ul\b Level name\ulnone\b0                               \b :\b0       Un nouveau d\'e9part (A New Beginning)\par
\ul\b .zip file name\ulnone\b0                            \b :\b0       UNAR1_Depart.zip\par
\ul\b .mis file name\ulnone\b0                           \b :\b0       miss20.mis\par
\ul\b Difficulty\ulnone                                    :\b0       Yes                   - Pickpocket\par
                                                                               - Thief\par
                                                                               - Shadow\par
\ul\b Equipement store\ulnone                      :\b0       No\par
\ul\b Map/Automap\ulnone                           :\b0       No/No\par
\ul\b New objects\ulnone                              :  \b0     Yes                      - Created by a few authors (cf \b\lquote\rquote special thanks\rquote\rquote\b0 )\ul\par
\b New textures\ulnone\b0        \b                      :\b0       Oh yes !               - Created by a few authors and myself (cf \b\lquote\rquote special thanks\rquote\rquote\b0 )\par
\ul\b New sounds\ulnone                               :\b0       Yes                      - Created by myself with sounds from Thief I, Thief II and my voice.\par
\ul\b New musics\ulnone                               :\b0       Yes                      - Musics from video games = \'ab\~\ul Silent hill\ulnone\~\'bb by \ul Konami\ulnone , and \'ab\~\ul Quake\ulnone\~\'bb by \ul ID software\ulnone .\par
\ul\b New conversations\ulnone                    :\b0       Yes                      - Created by myself and a few people.\par
\ul\b New AI models\ulnone                          :\b0       Yes                      - New AI mesh and an AI scaled.\par
\ul\b EAX Support\ulnone                             :\b0       Yes\par
\ul\b Multi language support\ulnone            :\b0       Yes\par
\ul\b Language\ulnone                                 :\b0       French / English\par
\ul\b Briefing video\ulnone                           :\b0       Yes\~!                     - Created with several sounds from Thief.\par
                                                                                      - Musics from Thief III.\par
                                                                                      - Parts of videos from Thief I and Thief II.\par
                                                                                      - Artworks created by myself.\par
                                                                                      - My voice.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\par
\b\i\fs24 * Construction *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
\ul\b Base\ulnone                               :\b0       My inspiration...\par
\ul\b Build time\ulnone                      :\b0       About eight months\par
\ul\b Additional Info\ulnone               :\b0       To be continued!\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\par
\ulnone\b\fs24 * Loading information *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
To place the zip file in your FM folder.\par
To run with DarkLoader, do not unzip the zip file.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Special thanks *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
\lang2057 First of all, a huge thanks to \ul Purah\ulnone , because his campaign \'ab\~Calendra\rquote s Legacy\~\'bb inspired me to try DromEd...\par
\par
If I forgot anybody, well I\rquote m sincerely sorry, and you have to know that I truly thank you for your work, whatever it is. Just contact me, and I\rquote ll fix that mistake ;).\par
Great thanks to :\par
\lang1036\par
\lang2057 - \ul Liki\ulnone , \ul Annapherem\ulnone , \ul Silent_Warrior\ulnone , \ul Bikerdude\ulnone  and \ul Santiago\ulnone  for Beta-test. Thanks to \ul Kurtgodel\ulnone  for having noticed a few bugs.\par
\lang1036\par
\lang2057 - The whole French community for the Thief games, in particular \ul Ga\'ebtane, Lynx, Louve, Lady Jo, TontonFranky\ulnone  and \ul Constance\ulnone , they helped me to solve some bugs and to finish my fm.\par
   \lang1036 Website\~: http://ariane4ever.free.fr \par
\par
\lang2057 - \ul Amelico, Charlybegood, Daniel, Duke, Ga\'ebtane, Leonard, Lionel, Louve, Lynx\ulnone  and \ul Mahoko\ulnone , for French translations and creations of DromEd tutorials.\ul\par
\ulnone\par
And thanks to anyone who wrote tutorials for Thief I and Thief II.\par
\par
- \ul Vigil\ulnone  -> new objects, textures & maps. And for great help with the textures palettes.\par
\ul COSAS Team\ulnone  -> new textures.\par
\ul Eshaktaar\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Laurence Whitaker\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Nameless Voice\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul R Soul\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Remedy Entertainment\ulnone  -> textures from \'ab\~Max Payne\~\'bb (\fs16 (C) 1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.)\par
\ul\fs20 Schwaa\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Scrooge\ulnone  -> technical help with the videos.\par
\ul Sluggs\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Targa\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\ul Von Eis\ulnone  -> new objects.\par
\par
- Several textures come from these websites\~:\par
        http://www.imageafter.com\par
        http://lemog.free.fr/lemog_v5/index.php\par
        \lang1036 http://www.3dcafe.com\par
\par
- English version : thanks to \ul Redrider\ulnone , \ul Scrooge\ulnone  and \ul Sidiherrero\ulnone  for helping me with the translations.  \par
                                         \ul RonnieAlme\ulnone , \ul Tyrilix\ulnone  and \ul Vigil\ulnone  for polishing and correcting translated texts. \par
                                         \ul Bikerdude\ulnone , \ul Gestalt\ulnone  and \ul Santiago\ulnone , for giving their voices for the conversations.\par
\par
\lang2057 - And of course, \ul Looking Glass Studios\ulnone  which created Thief I and Thief II.\par
\par
Textures were made with \ul Adobe Photoshop CS\ulnone  and \ul Bright 1.83\ulnone  (by \ul Erik de Neve\ulnone ).\par
Briefing videos were made with \ul Ulead VideoStudio 8.0 Trial\ulnone .\par
Sounds, voices and musics were recorded, created and edited with \ul Audacity\ulnone .\par
\'ab\~Books\~\'bb texts were written with \ul Str-Converter\ulnone  (by \ul MadBull\ulnone ) and \ul ParchEd\ulnone  (by \ul Telliamed\ulnone )\par
\lang1036 Ai scale was done with \ul Meshscale\ulnone  (by \ul Randy Sybel\ulnone ).\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\par
\ulnone\b\fs24 * BUGS BUGS BUGS *\par
\par
\i0\fs20 CAUTION ! \b0 When you are on the city roof, if you watch with a particular point of view there could be some \par
bugs due to a lot of polygons on screen. Be careful...\par
\par
A few AI might act strangely, because my mission has more than 28,000 cells.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\i0\fs20\par
\ulnone\b\i\fs24 * Recommendations *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
Minimum System Requirements are higher than for T2, you'd better have an updated system if you want to play my fm.\par
New codecs are needed for briefing videos. You can find codecs install in the "movies" folder.\par
You should play the mission after a fresh boot.\par
\par
Listen to entire conversations.  Some give you clues, others give new objectives. \par
Read anything you can.\par
\par
Also, you should play with fog for best atmosphere, but it's not necessary...\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Copyright Information *\par
\lang2057\b0\i0\fs20\par
This level, some sounds, textures & artworks, are \'a92005 by Eric Bigou (aka DrK, aka Kubiac)\par
If you wish to use some of my works (textures or sounds), then contact me and I\rquote ll tell you what you could use in your fms.\par
\par
\lang1036 All original artwork, voices, acting, scripts or other original production included in this FM are the express and sole property of their original creators/contributors and are expressly protected by US and international copyright laws and may NOT be used in any way (except within the confines of and for the original intended purpose(s) of this FM), especially NOT for any illegal or commercial reasons, without the express written permission/approval of the creators/contributors of said original artwork, voices, acting, scripts.\fs24\line\lang2057\fs20\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. \par
You may not include this level to any map pack or campaign. No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios, Ion Storm or Eidos Interactive.\lang1036\par
\par
                                                             \lang2057 ____________________\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\lang1036\ul\i\fs28 FRANCAIS :\par
\par
\b\i0\fs20 Auteur\ulnone  \b0                            \b :\b0       DrK (Kubiac)\par
\ul\b Contact info\ulnone\b0                    \b :\b0       Eric.bigou@wanadoo.fr\par
\ul\b Date de sortie\ulnone\b0                 \b :\b0       Novembre 2005 (Version anglaise : D\'e9cembre 2005)\par
\ul\b Version\ulnone            \b0                \b : \b0      1.2\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs16\par
\b\i\fs24 * Description *     \par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
L\rquote introduction de ma campagne de 6 fms, l\rquote histoire se d\'e9roulant durant une nuit enti\'e8re \'e0 Rocksbourg.   Cette mission vous permet de d\'e9couvrir ce \'e0 quoi ressemble l\rquote univers de Rocksbourg. \par
\par
Ces \'e9v\'e8nements se d\'e9roulent peu apr\'e8s Thief II, et quelques temps avant Thief III.\par
\par
C\rquote est surtout ma toute premi\'e8re mission, sur laquelle j\rquote ai d\'e9couvert et exp\'e9riment\'e9 \par
les possibilit\'e9s de DromEd. Apr\'e8s moult probl\'e8mes, j\rquote ai pu en sortir quelque chose, mais il se peut qu\rquote il reste quelques bugs r\'e9siduels.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\i0\fs20\par
\ulnone\b\i\fs24 * Briefing *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
Regardez la vid\'e9o pour tout comprendre...  ;)\par
\par
En r\'e9sum\'e9, suite \'e0 la mort de Karras, Garrett se voit contraint de quitter la Vieille Cit\'e9, suivant les \par
conseils des Gardiens. Il part pour Rocksbourg, une ville assez discr\'e8te et isol\'e9e dans la r\'e9gion \par
malgr\'e9 sa taille. Id\'e9al pour se faire oublier.\par
\par
Durant deux semaines, Il roda dans la p\'e9riph\'e9rie de la ville, le coeur de la cit\'e9 \'e9tant cern\'e9 par d\rquote immenses cha\'eenes de murailles et remparts divers. Malgr\'e9 la mort de Karras, il s\rquote aper\'e7ut que l\rquote ordre M\'e9caniste n\rquote a pas disparu \'e0 Rocksbourg, mais qu\rquote un ordre similaire s\rquote y est install\'e9, comme si l\rquote histoire du necroso-mutag\'e8ne n\rquote avait jamais eu lieu... Ils se font appeler les Enfants du Cr\'e9ateur, et aussi \'e9trange que cela puisse para\'eetre, ils cherchent \'e0 renouer des liens avec la population et les Marteleurs.\par
\par
Un soir, un mois apr\'e8s la mort de Karras, notre voleur re\'e7ut un message des Gardiens, lui demandant de rentrer pr\'e9cipitamment \'e0 la Vieille Cit\'e9. Cependant, Garrett a entendu parler de la Cath\'e9drale du Cr\'e9ateur, un complexe religieux Marteleur. L\rquote occasion ne se repr\'e9sentera pas\~! Ce soir, avant de quitter la ville, il ira rendre visite aux Marteleurs, et les soulager de quelques reliques...\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Information de jeu *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
\ul\b Version 1.2\ulnone                                :\b0       Ajout de la version anglaise\par
                                                       Ajout de quelques d\'e9tails\par
                                                       Correction de bugs mineurs\par
                                                       Ajout d'un Easter Egg\par
\par
\ul\b Jeu\ulnone\b0                                            \b :\b0       Dark project II \endash  L\rquote\'e2ge de metal\par
\ul\b Nom de la campagne\ulnone\b0                \b :\b0       Une nuit \'e0 Rocksbourg\par
\ul\b Nom du niveau\ulnone\b0                          \b :\b0       Un nouveau d\'e9part\par
\ul\b Nom du fichier .zip\ulnone\b0                    \b :\b0       UNAR1_Depart.zip\par
\ul\b Nom du fichier .mis\ulnone\b0                   \b :\b0       miss20.mis\par
\ul\b Niveau de difficult\'e9s\ulnone                 :\b0       Oui                   - Pickpocket\par
                                                                               - Voleur\par
                                                                               - Ombre\par
\ul\b Magasin d\rquote\'e9quipement\ulnone             :\b0       Non\par
\ul\b Map/Automap\ulnone                           :\b0       Non/Non\par
\ul\b Nouveaux objets\ulnone                       :  \b0     Oui                       - Faits par divers auteurs (cf \b\lquote\rquote special thanks\rquote\rquote\b0 )\ul\par
\b Nouvelles textures\ulnone\b0        \b             :\b0       Oh \'e7a oui !            - Faites par moi-m\'eame et par d\rquote autres auteurs (cf \b\lquote\rquote special thanks\rquote\rquote\b0 )\par
\ul\b Nouveaux sons\ulnone                         :\b0       Oui                       - Faits par moi-m\'eame avec des sons venus des jeux Thief I, Thief II et ma voix.\par
\ul\b Nouvelles musiques\ulnone                  :\b0       Oui                       - Musiques venant des jeux vid\'e9os \'ab\~\ul Silent hill\ulnone\~\'bb par \ul Konami\ulnone , et \'ab\~\ul Quake\ulnone\~\'bb par \ul ID software\ulnone .\par
\ul\b Nouvelles conversations\ulnone           :\b0       Oui                       - Faites par moi-m\'eame et diverses personnes (cf \b\lquote\rquote special thanks\rquote\rquote\b0 )\par
\ul\b Nouveaux AI models\ulnone                :\b0       Oui                       - Taille d\rquote un AI modifi\'e9e et divers Ai mesh retravaill\'e9s.\par
\ul\b EAX Support\ulnone                             :\b0       Oui\par
\ul\b Multi language support\ulnone            :\b0       Oui\par
\ul\b Langue   \ulnone                                  :\b0       Fran\'e7aise / Anglaise\par
\ul\b Vid\'e9o de briefing\ulnone                     :\b0       Oui\~!                     - Faite avec divers sons venus des jeux Thief.\par
                                                                                      - Des musiques de Thief III.\par
                                                                                       - Des morceaux de vid\'e9os venant de Thief I et Thief II.\par
                                                                                       - Des artworks faits par moi-m\'eame.\par
                                                                                        - Ma voix (d\rquote accord, j\rquote imite tr\'e8\'e8\'e8\'e8\'e8s mal la voix fran\'e7aise de Garrett).\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\par
\b\i\fs24 * Construction *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
\ul\b Base\ulnone                               :\b0       Mon inspiration...\par
\ul\b Temps de travail\ulnone            :\b0       A peu pr\'e8s 8 mois\par
\ul\b Info suppl\'e9mentaire\ulnone       :\b0       A suivre !\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\par
\ulnone\b\fs24 *  Chargement de la mission *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
Placer le fichier zip dans le r\'e9pertoire o\'f9 vous mettez vos fms.\par
La mission se lance avec le logiciel DarkLoader.\par
Laisser le fichier zipp\'e9, NE PAS DEZIPPER LA FM.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Special thanks*\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
Avant tout, un tr\'e8s, tr\'e8s grand merci \'e0 \ul Purah\ulnone , car c\rquote est en jouant \'e0 sa campagne \'ab\~Calendra\rquote s Legacy\~\'bb que j\rquote ai voulu m\rquote essayer \'e0 DromEd...\lang2057\par
\par
\lang1036 Si jamais j\rquote ai oubli\'e9 de citer/remercier quelqu\rquote un, alors je vous prie de bien vouloir m\rquote en excuser, et sachez que je vous remercie quand m\'eame. \lang2057 Me contacter pour corriger cet oubli\~;).\par
Grands mercis \'e0 :\par
\par
\lang1036 - \lang2057\ul Liki\ulnone , \ul Annapherem\ulnone , \ul Silent_Warrior\ulnone , \ul Bikerdude\ulnone  et \ul Santiago\ulnone  \lang1036 pour m\rquote avoir aid\'e9 dans le Beta-test de cette fm. Merci aussi \'e0 \ul Kurtgodel\ulnone  pour m'avoir indiqu\'e9 deux ou trois bugs.\lang2057\par
\par
\lang1036 - Toute la communaut\'e9 francophone de Thief, en particulier \ul Ga\'ebtane, Lynx, Louve, Lady Jo, TontonFranky\ulnone  et \ul Constance\ulnone , qui ont trouv\'e9s la patience et le temps de m\rquote aider \'e0 r\'e9soudre divers probl\'e8mes avec DromEd, ou pour la finalisation de cette fm. Merci aussi pour le fait que cette communaut\'e9 existe\~\'e0 travers les diff\'e9rentes versions du forum \ul Ariane\ulnone  !\par
\lang2057    \lang1036 Website\~: http://ariane4ever.free.fr \par
\par
- \ul Amelico, Charlybegood, Daniel, Duke, Ga\'ebtane, L\'e9onard, Lionel, Louve, Lynx\ulnone  et \ul Mahoko\ulnone , pour avoir traduits et cr\'e9es des tutoriels en fran\'e7ais pour DromEd. \par
  Merci aussi \'e0 tous ceux qui \'e9crivent des tutos pour Thief I et Thief II, quelque soit la langue.\par
\lang2057\par
- \ul Vigil\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets, textures & maps. Et pour une grande aide sur les palettes de textures.\par
\ul COSAS Team\ulnone  -> nouvelles textures.\par
\ul Eshaktaar\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Laurence Whitaker\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Nameless Voice\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul R Soul\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Remedy Entertainment\ulnone  -> textures venant de \'ab\~Max Payne\~\'bb (\fs16 (C) 1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.)\par
\ul\fs20 Schwaa\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Schwaa\ulnone  -> Aide technique sur les videos.\par
\ul Sluggs\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Targa\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\ul Von Eis\ulnone  -> nouveaux objets.\par
\par
- Certaines textures viennent de ces sites :\par
        http://www.imageafter.com\par
        http://lemog.free.fr/lemog_v5/index.php\par
        \lang1036 http://www.3dcafe.com\par
\par
- Version anglaise : merci \'e0 \ul Redrider\ulnone , \ul Scrooge\ulnone  et \ul Sidiherrero\ulnone  pour m'avoir aid\'e9 sur les traductions\par
                                         \ul RonnieAlme\ulnone , \ul Tyrilix\ulnone  et \ul Vigil\ulnone  pour avoir corrig\'e9 et re\'e9cris les textes traduits.\par
                                         \ul Bikerdude\ulnone , \ul Gestalt\ulnone  et \ul Santiago\ulnone  pour avoir g\'e9n\'e9reusement pr\'e9t\'e9s leurs voix.\par
\par
- Et bien s\'fbr, \ul Looking Glass Studios\ulnone  pour avoir cr\'e9e Thief I et Thief II.\lang2057\par
\par
Des textures furent travaill\'e9es avec \ul Adobe Photoshop CS\ulnone  et \ul Bright 1.83\ulnone  (by \ul Erik de Neve\ulnone ).\par
Les vid\'e9os de briefing furent cr\'e9es avec \ul Ulead VideoStudio 8.0 Trial\ulnone .\par
Des sons, voix et musiques furent enregistr\'e9es, cr\'e9es, \'e9dit\'e9es avec \ul Audacity\ulnone .\par
Les textes de \'ab\~books\~\'bb furent \'e9crits avec \ul Str-Converter\ulnone  (by \ul MadBull\ulnone ) et \ul ParchEd\ulnone  (by \ul Telliamed\ulnone )\par
\lang1036 Le redimensionnement de l\rquote AI a \'e9t\'e9 fait avec \ul Meshscale\ulnone  (by \ul Randy Sybel\ulnone ).\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\par
\ulnone\b\fs24 * BUGS BUGS BUGS *\par
\par
\i0\fs20 ATTENTION ! \b0 Quand vous \'eates sur les toits de la ville, si vous regardez suivant un angle particulier vous risquez de voir beaucoup trop de polygones affich\'e9s \'e0 l\rquote\'e9cran, et cela peut faire crasher le jeu. Soyez prudent...\par
\par
Il se peut que certains AI se comportent bizarrement, car j\rquote ai pouss\'e9 DromEd dans ses moindres retranchements.  En effet, avec plus de 28000 cells, il y a des moments o\'f9 les AI peuvent d\'e9conner dans leurs d\'e9placements.\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\i0\fs20\par
\ulnone\b\i\fs24 * Recommandations *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
La configuration minimale requise est sup\'e9rieure \'e0 celle de T2, mieux vaut avoir un syst\'e8me mis \'e0 jour pour pouvoir jouer correctement \'e0 ma fm.\par
De nouveaux codecs sont n\'e9cessaires pour lire les vid\'e9os de briefing, vous trouverez les installs de ces codecs dans le r\'e9pertoire "movies".\par
Mieux vaut jouer \'e0 cette mission suite \'e0 un d\'e9marrage de Windows tout frais.\par
\par
Ecoutez toutes les conversations jusqu\rquote au bout, certaines vous donnent des indices, d\rquote autres vous apportent de nouveaux objectifs. N\rquote h\'e9sitez pas \'e0 lire tout ce qui vous tombe sous les yeux.\par
\par
Vous devriez jouer avec les modes brouillard et intemp\'e9ries activ\'e9s, mais cela n\rquote est pas obligatoire...\par
\par
\ul\i\fs28 =====================================================\par
\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\b\i\fs24 * Copyright Information *\par
\b0\i0\fs20\par
Ce niveau, ainsi que certains sons, textures et artworks, sont \'a92005 par Eric Bigou (aka DrK, aka Kubiac)\par
Si vous \'eates int\'e9ress\'e9s par mes textures ou mes sons, alors contactez-moi et je vous dirais lesquels vous pourriez utiliser dans vos fms.\par
\par
Vous \'eates autoris\'e9 \'e0 distribuer cette fm \'e0 partir du moment o\'f9 le fichier zip reste intact et que cela reste gratuit. \par
Vous ne pouvez pas inclure cette fm \'e0 une campagne ou un pack de missions. Vous ne pouvez pas modifier et redistribuer cette mission sans ma permission.\par
\par
Ce niveau n\rquote a pas \'e9t\'e9 cr\'e9e et n\rquote est pas support\'e9 par Looking Glass Studios, Ion Storm ou Eidos Interactive.\lang1033\par
}
 