{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238{\*\fname Courier New;}Courier New CE;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green128\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1045\f0\fs20\par
\par
===================================================================\par
24-10-2003\par
===================================================================\par
Title           : \cf1 Forgotten Forest, part 1\cf0\par
Filename        : \cf1 ZL_eng.zip\cf0\par
Author          : \cf1 Timon\cf0\par
Contact info    : \cf1 Tomeksz@poczta.fm\par
\cf0 Version         : \cf1 1.0\cf0\par
\par
Translator          : \cf1 Jericho Barimen\cf0\par
Contact info    : \cf1 jericho_data@o2.pl\par
\cf0

Mission Briefing :\par
\par
First mission of the campaign.\par
\par
Bookshop owner Kielnia hired you to learn the source of where the valuable items come from. These items sell on the market and the person who offers them is Marucha. Undoubtfully Kielnia wishes to get ahold of these items. But your task is to make profit on this ordeal, as well as to learn who stands behind Marucha. A simple peasant as himself wouldn't be able to arrange selling of the antiques. Additionally, it's worth knowing who you steal from, it might save your life or be of other use. After all, information is the best deposit you can make, as well as life insurance. Let's move on! You hope to leave this forgotten forest by dawn. Forgotten by humans and gods....\par
\par
 \par
===================================================================\par
Playing the mission: \par
\par
Game                : Thief 2: The Metal Age\par
Mission File        : miss25.mis\par
Gamesys File        : ZLas.gam \par
Difficulty Settings : yes\par
Equipment store     : no\par
Map                 : no\par
Automap             : no\par
New graphics        : yes\par
New sounds          : yes\par
EAX Support         : yes\par
Briefing            : no\par
Multi language      : no\par
Known bugs          : \par
\par
\par
Playing\tab\tab : Install using Darkloader, do not unzip, unless you really want to.\par
\par
====================================================================\par
Building Info\par
\par
Base               : from scratch\par
Map Size           : average\par
Build Time         : a long time\par
\par
Special thanks to: \par
\par
in alphabetical order \par
Anna\par
Brzeszczot\par
Bukary\par
Jericho\par
Nivellen\par
Otello\par
PiotrS\par
Zlack\par
\par
\par
Objects by : Schwaa, vonEins, Targa ,Jonquilis,Christine,Mrys, Nameless Voice,Timon and others\par
Textures by : Nivellen, Gob, David Guera, Purah, BerneyBoy and others\par
 \par
====================================================================\par
Disclaimer:\par
\par
This level was not made by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos, nor is it supported by them. All of\par
their copyrights and responsibilities go with this FM as they decree, which isn't much. I give what permission I can to allow it to be freely distributed intact as long as credit is given to them and me.\par
}
 