{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid6580211 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid6580211 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2037160\rsid2049757\rsid2365548\rsid2517334\rsid2896436\rsid3673150\rsid4214126\rsid6433891\rsid6580211\rsid6905690\rsid7629328\rsid11227488\rsid11626375\rsid11864201\rsid12088453\rsid12338197
\rsid12990222\rsid14110637\rsid14878799}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title ===============================================================}{\author Jason Otto}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2005\mo2\dy20\hr8\min50}
{\revtim\yr2007\mo1\dy15\hr1\min39}{\version11}{\edmins37}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords3783}{\nofchars21564}{\nofcharsws25297}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6580211\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6580211 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 ===============================================================
\par }{\insrsid14110637 A Debt Repaid 4.}{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 0 By Jason Otto
\par ===============================================================
\par Author\tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55 (Jason Otto)
\par Contact Info\tab \tab : Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par Homepage\tab \tab : www.jasonotto.net
\par Date of Release\tab : }{\insrsid14110637 10 January}{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799  200}{\insrsid14110637 7}{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
\par 
\par Title\tab \tab \tab : A Debt Repaid
\par 
\par Description\tab \tab : Thief 2 Fan Mission
\par 
\par Story\tab \tab \tab : A few years ago Garrett broke me out of Cragscleft }{\insrsid12088453 Prison, A }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 couple years after that he helped me break Jenivere out of}{\insrsid12088453  a rich noble's manor.  Tonight }{
\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 Garrett is the one in need of a rescue.  A job he was on didn't go to well and now the City Watch has him locked up.  An average housebreaker would get a lo}{\insrsid12088453 ng stay in their d}{
\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
ungeons for this, if they figure out that this is Garrett they'll execute him for sure.  I've been here once before, but only saw the Holding Cells, so I'm not sure where the dungeon entrance in located.  I got a map of the City Watch Sta
tion from a contact of mine who works in the City planning office, but the dungeon isn't shown on it either.  I hope }{\insrsid12088453  J}{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
enivere will understand if I don't make it out, but Garrett needs my help.  Breaking into a City Watch station is not my idea of a good time, but I owe Garrett big time.
\par 
\par This mission is set sometime between the events of Thief 2: The Metal Age and Thief: Deadly Shadows.  The Mechanist order is gone, many of the Mechanist's have returned to the Hammerite Order or fled.  The Mechanist technol
ogy is in disrepair without the aid of the brothers.  Spare parts for Mechanist machines are bringing a nice price in Black Alley.
\par 
\par Bugs & Tips\tab \tab : No known bugs, the light gem works correctly, you are Basso and don't have steal}{\insrsid2517334 th skills like Garrett, this is }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
not a bug.  On the streets you might not score a perfect pick pocket if you are seen.  Obviously if you are seen the individual is aware of you.  Despite this it is\tab possible to score all the pick pockets on the street with careful planning.
\par 
\par Briefing(s)\tab \tab : No
\par Cutscene\tab \tab : No
\par 
\par * Playing Information *
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab : Thief 2 TMA
\par Mission Title\tab \tab : A Debt Repaid
\par File Name\tab \tab : Miss 20
\par Difficulty Settings\tab : Yes
\par Equipment Store\tab : No
\par Map\tab \tab \tab : Yes
\par Auto Map\tab \tab : No
\par New Graphics\tab \tab : Yes
\par New Sounds\tab \tab : Yes
\par Multi-Language \tab : English, Italian}{\insrsid2517334 , French, German}{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
\par EAX Support\tab \tab : Yes
\par Briefing(s)\tab \tab : No
\par      Length\tab \tab : 
\par      Size\tab \tab \tab : 
\par 
\par Difficulty Level Info\tab : Normal Hard and Expert levels, each has an increasing loot requirement, no killing of innocents on Hard, no killing anyone on Expert.                           
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Construction *
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab : From Scratch
\par Build Time\tab \tab : One Year
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Loading Information *
\par 
\par This mission will work fine with DarkLoader. Just place the zip file in your missions folder.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Custom Gamesys *
\par 
\par This mission uses 
a custom gamesys.  The gamesys includes a few fixes for things that bothered me.  Water arrows and earth arrows now do damage, you are after all being hit with an arrow, dull or not.  You can now do damage by throwing crates, I've killed guards with crate
s.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Custom Objects *
\par 
\par This mission contains many new objects, posters and pa}{\insrsid12088453 intings created by Jason Otto. }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 These files may be freely used in fan mission projects for }{\insrsid12088453 Thief: The Dark Project, Thief: }{
\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 Gold, and Thief: The Metal Age.  Other objects,posters an}{\insrsid12088453 d paintings are the property of }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 their respective owners.}{\insrsid4214126   Includes objects by by Jonquili}{
\insrsid12088453 s, Targa, Eshaktaar, Daemonite, }{\insrsid4214126 Sluggs, Vigil, Nameless Voice}{\insrsid6905690  and Pinkdot}{\insrsid12088453 .  Object from the enhancement pack were used frequently to upgrade this mission.}{
\insrsid4214126\charrsid14878799 
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * New Music *
\par 
\par This mission contains new music files are by Jason Otto.  These files may be used in fan missions for Thief: The Dark Project,Thief: Gold and Thief: The Metal Age, for all other uses contact me at Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * New Sounds *
\par 
\par This mission contains 
new sounds for the Basso total conversion.  These sounds are property of Jason Otto. These files may be freely used in fan mission projects for Thief The Dark Project, Thief: Gold and Thief: The Metal Age, for all other uses contact me at Ottoj55@hotmail.
com
\par 
\par The horse hooves sound effects are from http://www.junglewalk.com/
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Special Thanks *
\par 
\par Thank you Shadowspawn for getting the yellow alarm light made.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Testing Thanks *
\par 
\par *Alpha Test One*
\par Thanks to the alpha one testers, Ataricom, Slipknot, Jabberwocky, Sluggs
\par 
\par *Alpha Test two*
\par The top secret second test, thanks Sluggs, you helped shake a lot of bugs out.
\par 
\par *}{\insrsid11626375 3.X }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 Beta Test*
\par Big thanks to Sluggs for finding so many errors, thanks to Slipknot and Jabberwocky for helping me find the weaknesses in my clues.
\par 
\par Thanks to Lady Rowena for beta testing the Italian version of this mission.
\par Thanks to UliB for beta testing the German version of this mission.
\par Thanks to Gaetane for beta testing the French version of this mission.
\par 
\par *}{\insrsid4214126 3.X }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 Gold Version Test*
\par I played this mission about six or seven times myself on each difficulty setting as I worked out the bugs.}{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid4214126 
\par *4.X Beta Test*
\par 
\par }{\insrsid7629328 Thanks to Skol, Bikerdude, Weasel and Sluggs}{\insrsid4214126  for the testing.}{\insrsid11227488   Weasel, Bikerdude and Sluggs really put some time in to find all the problems, and hopefully it shows, extra eyes always 
help eliminate problems.}{\insrsid4214126 
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Translations *
\par 
\par Thanks to GIT (www.multiplayer.it/git) for the Italian translaton
\par Dinksmallwood for the German translation.
\par Amelico and Gaetane for the French translation, Ramirez\rquote s Old Fat Burrick}{\cf1\insrsid6580211  provided some minor corrections to the French Translation.
\par }{\cf1\insrsid2365548 
\par The English version of the file is the \'93official\'94 version (4.X) of the readme.  The foreign language versions are not up to date and reflect the 3.X versions of this mission.}{\cf1\insrsid2365548\charrsid14878799 
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Acknowledgments *
\par 
\par This mission contains textures by Remedy Entertainment Ltd., as such the following statement must be included in the mission release:}{\insrsid2517334   }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
The textures in this file are property of Remedy Entertainment Ltd., and can be used only as long as the work is recognized as original artwork by Remedy, and no financial profit is made in the process. (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.
\par }{\insrsid2517334 
\par Some textures from Thief: The Dark Project.  With the release of an editor and a lack of an EULA I can only assume that use of the resources in non-profit projects is permissible so long as I recognize that I\rquote ve used them.  Textu
res from the Half-Life 2 texture pack available at INSERT URL HERE were used in this mission as well.  Without these textures my particular style would not have been possible.  They are the best textures available by far.  This mission contains textures f
rom the Photo Real text}{\insrsid2896436 ure pack compiled by BernyBoy.}{\insrsid2517334\charrsid14878799 
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Copyright Information *
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact.  Feel free to include this mission in FM collection disks as long as they are not intended to generate profit.
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par Une dette a payer Jason Otto 8/23/03
\par ===============================================================
\par Auteur\tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55 (Jason Otto)
\par Contact\tab \tab : Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par Homepage\tab \tab : www.jasonotto.net
\par Date de cr\'82ation  \tab : August 30, 2004
\par 
\par Titre\tab \tab \tab : Une dette \'e0 payer.
\par 
\par Description \tab \tab : Une fan mission Thief 2
\par 
\par Histoire\tab \tab \tab : Il y a de nombreuses ann\'e9es, Garrett m'a aid\'e9 \'e0 sortir de la prison de Cragscleft. Quelques ann\'e9es plus tard, il m'a de nouveau aid\'e9 \'e0 lib\'e9rer Gueni\'e8vre, retenue prisonni\'e8
re chez un richissime Lord de la ville.  Ce soir Garrett est en pleine d\'e9tresse et je dois l'aider.  Le travail qu'il devait faire a mal tourn\'e9 et la Garde lui est tomb\'e9e dessus. Maintenant, le voil\'e0 enferm\'e9 au poste de police. M\'ea
me le meilleur des cambrioleurs ne pourrait s'\'e9chapper de ces cachots \'e0 la s\'e9curit\'e9 particuli\'e8rement renfor\'e7\'e9e. De plus, si la Garde d\'e9couvre que celui qu'elle d\'e9tient est Garrett, elle l'ex\'e9
cutera sur le champs!        J'ai d\'e9j\'e0 \'e9t\'e9 enferm\'e9 ici moi aussi, une fois, mais seulement en cellule de d\'e9tention provisoire. Aussi je ne sais pas o\'f9 l'entr\'e9
e des cachots se trouve.  Un de mes amis m'a remis une carte du poste de police, cela peut m'aider mais les cachots o\'f9 Garrett est d\'e9tenu n'y sont pas repr\'e9sent\'e9s.  P\'e9n\'e9
trer par effraction dans le poste de police n'est pas la meilleure id\'e9e qui soit, mais je dois tant \'e0 mon ami Garrett.  Et j'esp\'e8re que Gueni\'e8vre comprendra mon geste, car Garrett a besoin de moi ce soir.                        
\par 
\par 
\par Bugs\tab \tab \tab : Pas de bugs connus. Le gemme de visibilit\'e9 fonctionne correctement mais vous \'eates Basso et vous n'avez pas les m\'eames points de vie que Garrett. Cela est volontaire.
\par 
\par 
\par Briefing(s)\tab \tab : Non
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Construction *
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab : Non.
\par Build Time\tab \tab : Un an
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Information de chargement *
\par 
\par Cette mission fonctionne parfaitement avec le Darkloader. Placez juste le fichier zip dans votre fichier de fan-missions.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Gamesys personnalis\'e9*
\par 
\par Cette mission utilise un gamesys personnalis\'e9. Le gamesys solutionne maintenant certains d\'e9tails qui m'ont d\'e9rang\'e9 :
\par - Les fl\'e8ches \'e0 eau et \'e0 mousse sont capables de causer des dommages.
\par - Vous pouvez aussi faire des d\'e9g\'e2ts en projetant des caisses. J'ai pu tuer des gardes en leur lan\'e7ant des caisses.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Objets personnalis\'e9s *
\par 
\par Cette mission contient plusieurs objets, affiches et peintures cr\'e9es par Jason Otto. Ces \'e9l\'e9ments peuvent \'eatre librement utilis\'e9
s dans les fan-missions de Thief : The Dark project, Thief Gold et Thief : The Metal Age.  Les autres objets, affiches et peintures restent la propri\'e9t\'e9 de leur cr\'e9ateur respectif.
\par 
\par 
\par *Jonquilis*
\par Les bouteilles bleues et vertes, ainsi que le mat\'e9riel de laboratoire en verre. J'ai chang\'e9 la couleur des bouteilles, mais le mod\'e8le reste le m\'eame.
\par 
\par *Targa*
\par Flasques de potion de diff\'e9rentes couleurs.
\par 
\par *Paweuek*
\par Toiles d'araign\'e9es.
\par 
\par *Eshaktaar*
\par Beignets
\par 
\par *Daemonite*
\par Le mod\'e8le de l'Hermite provient de Thief Gold. J'ai apport\'e9 quelques retouches \'e0 son aspect et \'e0 sa voix.
\par 
\par *Sluggs*
\par Boussole et lune.
\par 
\par *Jason Otto*
\par Portrait du Sheriff Truart.
\par Badge de police.
\par Ch\'e2teau d'eau.
\par Rapport des pi\'e8ces \'e0 conviction.
\par Bombe asphyxiante.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Musique *
\par 
\par Cette mission contient de nouveaux fichiers musicaux cr\'e9
es par Jason Otto. Ces fichier sont libres d'utilisation pour les fan-mission Thief : The Dark Project, Thief Gold et Thief : The Metal Age.  Pour tout autre utilisation, me contacter : Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Sons *
\par 
\par Cette mission contient des nouveaux sons associ\'e9s au personnage de Basso. Ces sons sont la propri\'e9t\'e9 de Jason Otto. Ces fichier sont libres d'utilisation pour les fan-mission Thief : The Dark Project,  Thief Gold et Thief : The Metal Age. 
 Pour tout autre utilisation, me contacter :Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par 
\par Le bruitage des sabots de chevaux sont issus de : http://www.junglewalk.com/
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Remerciements sp\'e9ciaux *
\par 
\par A Shadowspawn pour avoir con\'e7u la lanterne jaune de l'alarme.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Remerciements aux testeurs *
\par 
\par Test alpha 1 : Ataricom, Slipknot, Jabberwocky, Sluggs
\par Test alpha 2 : Sluggs, qui m'a aid\'e9 \'e0 r\'e9soudre pas mal de bugs.
\par Beta Test : Gros merci \'e0 Sluggs pour avoir r\'e9solu certaines erreurs, merci aussi \'e0 Slipknot et Jabberwocky pour m'avoir aid\'e9 \'e0 mieux concevoir mes \'e9nigmes.
\par 
\par *Gold Version Test*
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Autres remerciements *
\par 
\par Cette mission contient des textures de Remedy Entertainment Ltd. Ces textures sont la propri\'e9t\'e9 de Remedy Entertainment Ltd. et peuvent \'eatre utilis\'e9es \'e0 la condition qu'elles soient reconnues comme cr\'e9ation de Remedy, et non utilis\'e9
es pour un profit commercial.
\par 
\par (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.
\par 
\par Les fichiers de textures de Remedy Entertainment Ltd. contiennent aussi un fichier texte r\'e9pertoriant la liste des textures cr\'e9es par Remedy Entertainment Ltd. ainsi que leur droit d'auteur. Je suppose que ces textures peuvent \'eatre utilis\'e9
es dans toutes fan-missions aussi longtemps que cette documentation se trouve dans le fichier des textures utilis\'e9es.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 *Information de Copyright*}{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 
\par La distribution de cette mission est permise aussi longtemps qu'elle reste libre et que son contenu est gard\'e9 intacte.Cette mission peut \'eatre enregistr\'e9e sur disque tant qu'elle n'est pas destin\'e9e \'e0 des b\'e9n\'e9fices commerciaux. Cette
 fm est con\'e7ue et non support\'e9e par Looking Glass Studio ou Eidos Interactive.
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par Die beglichene Schuld 3.0 von Jason Otto
\par ===============================================================
\par Autor\tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55 (Jason Otto)
\par Email\tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par Homepage\tab \tab : www.jasonotto.net
\par Ausgabedatum\tab : \tab : 30. August 2004
\par 
\par Titel\tab \tab \tab : Die beglichene Schuld
\par 
\par Story\tab \tab \tab : Vor ein paar Jahren hat mich Garrett aus dem Cragscleft- Gef\'e4ngnis herausgeholt, ein paar Jahre sp\'e4ter hat er mir geholfen, Jenivere aus dem Anwesen eines reichen\tab 
 Adeligen zu befreien. Heute Nacht ist es Garrett, der Hilfe braucht. Er hatte ziemliches Pech bei einem Auftrag, und nun hat ihn die Stadtwache eingebuchtet. Schon ein durchschnittlicher Einbrecher verbringt viele, viele Jahre dort in den Kerkern f\'fc
r eine solche Straftat. Wenn sie herausfinden, da\'df es sich um Garrett handelt, warden sie ihn sicherlich sofort hinrichten. Ich war schon mal in der Stadtwache, habe aber nur den Zellentrakt im Erdgescho\'df von innen gesehen, daher wei\'df
 ich nicht genau, wo sich der Eingang zum Kerker befindet. Ich habe eine Karte der Stadtwache von meinem Kontaktmann erhalten, der im Bauplanungsamt der Stadt arbeitet, aber leider ist auch hier der Kerker nicht ver
zeichnet. Ich hoffe, Jenivere wird verstehen, da\'df ich ihr nichts davon erz\'e4hle, aber Garrett braucht einfach meine Hilfe. Es gibt weit sch\'f6nere Freizeitbesch\'e4
ftigungen, als in die Stadtwache einzubrechen, aber ich schulde Garrett ziemlich viel.
\par 
\par Diese Mission spielt irgendwann zwischen den Ereignissen\tab von Thief 2 und Thief 1. Der Orden der Mechanisten existiert nicht mehr, viele Mechanisten sind zur\'fcckgekehrt zum Hammeriten-Orden oder geflohen. Die Technologie\tab 
der Mechanisten ist in schlechtem Zustand, da keine Mechanisten mehr da sind, die diese warten k\'f6nnen. Auf dem Schwarzmarkt bringen Mechanisten-Maschinen-Ersatzteile ein h\'fcbsches S\'fcmmchen.
\par 
\par 
\par Bugs & Tips\tab \tab : Keine bekannten Bugs, der Sichtbarkeitsstein arbeitet korrekt. Du bist Basso und hast nicht die F\'e4higkeit, Dich so gut zu tarnen wie Garrett - das ist kein Bug. Auf den Stra\'df
en kommst Du nur an alle Geldbeutel heran, wenn Du nicht gesehen wirst. Ansonsten wird es ziemlich schwierig, da Leute, die Dich vorher gesehen haben, sich ungern von Dir beklauen lassen. Mit guter Planung ist es aber m\'f6glich, alle Taschendiebst\'e4
hle auf der Stra\'dfe zu schaffen.
\par 
\par Vorspann\tab \tab \tab : Nein
\par Zwischenszenen\tab \tab : Nein
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Informationen zum Spiel *
\par 
\par Spiel\tab \tab \tab \tab : Thief 2 TMA
\par Missionstitel\tab \tab \tab : Die beglichene Schuld
\par Dateiname\tab \tab \tab : Miss 20
\par Schwierigkeitsgrade\tab \tab : Ja
\par Ausr\'fcstungsladen\tab \tab : Nein
\par Karte\tab \tab \tab \tab : Ja
\par Auto Karte\tab \tab \tab : Nein
\par Neue Grafiken\tab \tab \tab : Ja
\par Neue Sounds\tab \tab \tab : Ja
\par Multi-Language Support\tab : englisch, deutsch, franz\'f6sisch
\par EAX Unterst\'fctzung\tab \tab : Ja
\par 
\par Schwierigkeitsgrade Info\tab : Normal, Hart und Experte Die H\'f6he der zu sammelnden Beute steigt mit jedem Grad. Kein T\'f6ten von Wehrlosen auf Hart, niemanden t\'f6ten auf Experte.                
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Konstruktion *
\par 
\par Basis\tab \tab \tab \tab : keine
\par Bauzeit  \tab \tab \tab : Ein Jahr
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Installationshinweise *
\par 
\par Die Mission ist darkloaderkompatibel. Einfach zip-file in den Missions-Ordner packen.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Custom Gamesys *
\par 
\par Diese Mission benutzt eine custom ('ma\'dfgeschneiderte') gamesys. Diese gamesys beinhaltet ein paar \'c4nderungen von Dingen, die mich gest\'f6rt haben. Wasserpfeile und Moospfeile k\'f6nnen nun auch verletzen - es sind immerhin auch Pfeile, m\'f6
gen sie auch etwas stumpf sein. Au\'dferdem kannst Du auch durch das Werfen von Kisten jemanden verletzen.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Custom Objects *
\par 
\par Diese Mission beinhaltet viele neue Objekte, Poster und Bilder entworfen von Jason Otto. Diese Dateien k\'f6nnen gerne f\'fcr andere Fanmissionen f\'fcr Thief 1, Thief Gold und Thief 2 benutzt werden. Andere Objekte, Poster und Bilder geh\'f6
ren den jeweiligen Besitzern:
\par 
\par *Jonquilis*
\par Die blauen und gr\'fcnen Flaschen und Laborgl\'e4ser. Ich habe die Farben ge\'e4ndert, aber die Modelle sind die gleichen.
\par 
\par *Targa*
\par Neue blaue und gelbe Trankflaschen, rote, bernsteinfarbene und lila Flaschen - auch hier habe ich ein paar Farben ge\'e4ndert.
\par 
\par *Paweuek*
\par Die Spinnweben.
\par 
\par *Eshaktaar*
\par Donuts 
\par 
\par *Daemonite*
\par Einsiedler-Modell von Thief Gold. Die Skin und Schema-Datei f\'fcr den Einsiedler habe ich gemacht.
\par 
\par *Sluggs*
\par Neuer Kompa\'df und Mond.
\par 
\par *Jason Otto*
\par Neues Sheriff Truart Gem\'e4lde mit Hintergrund, Dienstmarke, Wasserturm, Beweismittel-B\'fccher, Gas-Bombe
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Neue Musik *
\par 
\par Diese Mission beinhaltet neue Musikdateien von Jason Otto. Diese Dateien k\'f6nnen gerne f\'fcr andere Fanmissionen f\'fcr Thief 1, Thief Gold und Thief 2 benutzt werden. F\'fcr twaigen anderen Gebrauch bitte mich kontaktieren:Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Neue Sounds *
\par 
\par Diese Mission enth\'e4lt neue Sounds (in englisch) - das Basso Stimmen-Set. Diese Sounds sind Eigentum von Jason Otto. Diese Dateien k\'f6nnen aber gerne f\'fcr andere Fanmissionen f\'fcr Thief 1, Thief Gold und Thief 2 benutzt werden. F\'fc
r etwaigen anderen Gebrauch bitte mich kontaktieren: Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par Das Gers\'e4uch der Pferdehufe ist von }{\field{\*\fldinst {\insrsid6580211  HYPERLINK "http://www.junglewalk.com" }{\insrsid11864201 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001a00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006a0075006e0067006c006500770061006c006b002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006a007500
6e0067006c006500770061006c006b002e0063006f006d002f00000000e20000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\ul\cf2\insrsid6580211\charrsid12990222 http://www.junglewalk.com}}}{\insrsid6580211 
\par 
\par * Extra Dank*
\par Danke Shadowspawn f\'fcr das gelbe Alarmlicht
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Dank an meine Tester *
\par 
\par *Alpha Test 1*
\par Ataricom, Slipknot, Jabberwocky, Sluggs
\par 
\par *Alpha Test 1 (der top secret war)*
\par Danke Sluggs - Du hast mir sehr dabei geholfen, viele Bugs auszumerzen.
\par 
\par *Beta Test*
\par Gro\'dfer Dank an Sluggs, der so viele Fehler gefunden hat, vielen Dank an Slipknot und Jabberwocky, die mir geholfen haben, alle Schw\'e4chen in den Hinweisen aufzusp\'fcren.
\par 
\par *Gold Version Test*
\par Ich habe beim eliminieren der Bugs diese Mission ca. 6 - 7 Mal selbst auf jeder Schwierigkeitsstufe gespielt.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * \'dcbersetzungen *
\par 
\par Gro\'dfen Dank an Amelico f\'fcr die franz\'f6sische \'dcbersetzung und an Gaetane
\par f\'fcr das Korrekturlesen der franz\'f6sischen \'dcbersetzung.
\par Danke an Dinksmallwood f\'fcr die deutsche \'dcbersetzung.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Danksagungen *
\par 
\par Diese Mission enth\'e4lt auch Texturen von Remedy Entertainment Ltd., daher hierzu der 'offizielle' Text:
\par 
\par Die Texturen in dieser Datei sind Eigentum von Remedy Entertainment Ltd. und d\'fcrfen genutzt werden, solange die Dateien als Originale von Remedy gekennzeichnet bleiben und sie in Projekten ohne finanziellen Gewinn genutzt werden.
\par 
\par (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.
\par 
\par Ordner mit Texturen von Remedy Entertainment Ltd. enthalten auch diesen Text und eine Liste der Texturen von Remedy. Ich nehme an, diese Texturen k\'f6nnen in jedem FM-Projekt benutzt werden, solange dieser Zusatztext in dem
 Ordner mit den Texturen verbleibt. 
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Copyright Informationen *
\par 
\par Die Weitergabe dieser Mission ist erlaubt, solange dies kostenlos und komplett geschieht. Gerne kann diese Mission auch f\'fcr eine FM-CD benutzt werden, sofern diese ohne finanziellen Gewinn 
produziert werden. Dieses Level ist nicht von Looking Glass Studios oder Eidos Interactive hergestellt und wird auch nicht von diesen unterst\'fctzt. 
\par 
\par ===============================================================
\par A Debt Repaid 3.0 di Jason Otto
\par ===============================================================
\par Autore\tab \tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55 (Jason Otto)
\par Contatto\tab \tab \tab : Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par Homepage\tab \tab \tab : www.jasonotto.net
\par Data di Rilascio\tab \tab \tab : 30 Agosto, 2004
\par 
\par Titolo\tab \tab \tab \tab : A Debt Repaid
\par 
\par Descrizione\tab \tab \tab : Thief 2 Fan Mission
\par 
\par Storia\tab \tab \tab \tab : Pochi anni fa Garrett mi ha tirato fuori da Cragscleft ed un paio d'anni dopo mi ha aiutato a liberare Jenivere dalla villa di un ricco nobile. Stanotte \'e8 lui quello che ha bisogno d'aiuto. Un suo lavoro non \'e8
 andato troppo bene ed ora la Guardia Cittadina lo ha catturato. Un normale ladro dovrebbe rassegnarsi ad una lunga ermanenza nelle loro celle, ma se scoprono che quello che hanno catturato \'e8 Garrett, lo giustizieranno immediatamente. Sono gi\'e0
 stato l\'ec in precedenza, ma ho visto solo le celle di detenzione e non sono sicuro dove si trovi l'entrata al sotterraneo. Ho ottenuto una mappa della Stazione della Guardia Cittadina da un mio contatto che lavora al catasto, ma il sotterraneo non vi 
\'e8 mostrato. Spero che Jenivere capisca se non riuscir\'f2 a farcela, ma Garrett ha bisogno del mio aiuto. Penetrare in una stazione della Guardia Cittadina non \'e8 la mia idea di passare il tempo, ma devo molto a quel ladro.
\par 
\par Questa missione \'e8 situata fra gli eventi di Thief II: The Metal Age e Thief: Deadly Shadows. L'Ordine Meccanicista \'e8 sparito e molti dei suoi accoliti sono tornati all'Ordine del Martello o sono fuggiti. La tecnologia Meccanicista \'e8
 in stato di trascuratezza senza l'aiuto dei fratelli ed i meccanismi di scorta delle loro machine stanno salendo di prezzo al mercato nero.
\par 
\par 
\par Bugs & Tips\tab \tab \tab : Nessun bug conosciuto. La gemma funziona correttamente, tu sarai Basso e non avrai le capacit\'e0 di furtivit\'e0 di Garrett, questo non \'e8 un bug. Sulle strade potresti non riuscire a borseggiare tutti se individuat
o. Ovviamente se sarai visto l'individu\'f2 sapr\'e0 della tua presenza. Nonostante questo \'e8 possibile borseggiare tutti con una attenta pianificazione.
\par 
\par 
\par Briefing \tab \tab \tab : No
\par Filmati\tab \tab        \tab \tab : No
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Informazioni di Gioco *
\par 
\par Gioco\tab \tab \tab \tab : Thief II:  The Metal Age
\par Titolo Missione\tab \tab \tab : A Debt Repaid
\par Nome del File\tab \tab \tab : Miss 20
\par Livelli di Difficolt\'e0\tab \tab : Si
\par Acquisto Equipaggiamento\tab : No
\par Mappa  \tab \tab \tab : Si
\par Auto Mappa\tab \tab \tab : No
\par Nuova Grafica\tab \tab \tab : Si
\par Nuovi Suoni\tab \tab \tab : Si
\par Supporto Multi-Lingua\tab \tab : Inglese, Tedesco, Francese, Italiano
\par Supproto EAX\tab \tab \tab : Si
\par Briefing\tab \tab \tab \tab : No
\par      Durata\tab \tab \tab : 
\par      Dimensione \tab \tab : 
\par 
\par Livelli di Difficolt\'e0\tab \tab : Normale, Difficile ed Esperto, ognuno con un livello di bottino crescente, nessuna uccisione di innocenti a Difficile e nessuna uccisione ad Esperto.                            
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Costruzione *
\par \tab 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab \tab : Dal niente
\par Tempo di Costruzione\tab \tab : Un anno
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Informazioni di Caricamento *
\par 
\par Questa missione \'e8 avviabile con il DarkLoader. Metti semplicemente il file zip nella
\par tua cartella delle missioni.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Gamesys Personalizzato *
\par 
\par Questa missione usa un gamesys personalizzato. Questo include alcuni aggiustamenti\\
 per cose che mi infastidivano. Le frecce d'acqua e di terra ora fanno danno, in fondo sono sempre frecce. Ora potrai causare danno lanciando le casse, ho ucciso una guardia in questo modo.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Oggetti Personalizzati *
\par 
\par Questa missione contiene molti nuovi 
oggetti, poster e dipinti creati da Jason Otto.  Questi file possono essere usati liberamente in progetti di FM per Thief: The Dark Project, Thief: Gold e Thief II: The Metal Age. Altri oggetti, poster e dipinti sono propriet\'e0
 dei rispettivi proprietari.
\par 
\par *Jonquilis*
\par Le Bottiglie Blu e Verdi e le Bottiglie del Laboratorio, ho cambiato il colore delle bottiglie, ma il modello \'e8 lo stesso.
\par 
\par *Targa*
\par Nuove boccette di pozioni blu e gialle, bottiglie rosse, ambra e porpora, sempre con alcuni colori modificati.
\par 
\par *Paweuek*
\par Le ragnatele.
\par 
\par *Eshaktaar*
\par Ciambelle. 
\par 
\par *Daemonite*
\par Il port del modello dell'Eremita da Thief: Gold, io ho fatto la skin ed il file di schema.
\par 
\par *Sluggs*
\par Il nuovo compasso e la luna.
\par 
\par *Jason Otto*
\par Il nuovo ritratto dello Sceriffo Truart con lo sfondo, il Distintivo da Guardia, il Distributore d'Acqua, i Libri di Prove, le Bombe Soporifere
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Nuove Musiche *
\par 
\par Questa missione contiene nuovi file musicale di Jason Otto. Questi file possono essere usati in FM per Thief: The Dark Project, Thief: Gold e Thief II: The Metal Age, per ogni altro uso contattatemi presso: Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Nuovi Suoni *
\par 
\par Questa missione contiene nuovi suoni per la conversione totale per Basso. Questi  suoni sono propriet\'e0 
di Jason Otto. Questi file possono essere usati liberamente in progetti di FM per Thief: The Dark Project, Thief: Gold e Thief II: The Metal Age, per ogni altro uso contattatemi presso: Ottoj55@hotmail.com
\par 
\par L'effetto zoccoli di cavallo proviene da: http://www.junglewalk.com/
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Ringraziamenti Speciali *
\par 
\par Grazie a Shadowspawn per la creazione della luce d'allarme gialla.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Ringraziamenti per il Testing *
\par 
\par *Alpha Test Uno*
\par Grazie ai primi Alpha Tester: Ataricom, Slipknot, Jabberwocky, Sluggs
\par 
\par *Alpha Test Due*
\par Il secondo test top secret, grazie Sluggs, mi hai aiutato a liberarmi di un sacco di bug.
\par 
\par *Beta Test*
\par Un grosso ringraziamento a Sluggs per aver trovato cos\'ec tanti errori, grazie a Slipknot e Jabberwocky per avermi aiutato a trovare i punti deboli dei miei indizi.
\par 
\par *Test della Versione Gold*
\par Ho giocato questa missione sei o sette volte ad ogni livello di difficolt\'e0 mentre risolvevo i bug.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Traduzioni *
\par 
\par Grazie al GIT (www.multiplayer.it/git) per la traduzione italiana.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Riconoscimenti *
\par 
\par Questa missione contiene texture della Remedy Entertainment Ltd., quindi la 
\par seguente frase deve essere inserita nella rilascio di questa missione:
\par 
\par Le texture in questo file sono propriet\'e0 della Remedy Entertainment Ltd., e possono
\par essere usate solamente se il lavoro \'e8 riconosciuto come originale della Remedy e 
\par non ne viene tratto nessuno profitto nel processo.
\par 
\par (C)1998-2001 Remedy Entertainment Ltd.
\par 
\par Le cartelle contenenti le texture della Remedy Entertainment Ltd. contengono anche questa frase assieme ad una lista delle texture possedute dalla Remedy Entertainment Ltd. Suppongo che queste texture possano essere usate in altri progetti finch\'e9
 questa documentazione rimane nella cartella con le texture utilizzate.
\par }{\insrsid6580211 
\par }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid14878799 * Informazioni di Copyright *
\par 
\par La distribuzione di questo livello \'e8 permessa fino a quando rimane gratuita ed il pacchetto rimane intatto. Sentitevi liberi di includere questa missione in qualsiasi collezione di FM se non \'e8 mirata all'ottenimento di profitto.
\par 
\par Questo livello non \'e8 stato fatto e non \'e8 supportato dai Looking Glass Studios o dalla Eidos Interactive.  }{\insrsid6580211\charrsid6580211 
\par }}