{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green153\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red51\green153\blue102;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\lang2057\ul\b\i\f0\fs32 Mysterious Invitation (MH's 2007 Rework)                      \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang1031\ulnone\i0\fs24 Author:\cf0\b0\tab MH.TheFreak\par
\cf1\lang2057\b Contact:\cf0\b0\tab Call me via PM or boardmailer in ttlg.de.\par
\cf1\lang1031\b Version:\cf0\b0\tab 2.0 Final\par
\cf1\lang2057\b Release 1.0:\tab\cf0\b0 27th November 2005\par
\cf1\b Release 1.1:\tab\cf0\b0 17th January 2006\par
\cf1\b Release 2.0:\tab\cf0\b0 17th March 2007\par
\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\cf2\lang1031\ul\b\i\fs32 Valuable Hints!                                                                        \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\lang2057\ulnone\b0\i0\fs24 -\tab DarkLoader 4.2 (or higher) is required. Otherwise this text will not be \par
\tab displayed correctly.\par
-\tab This FM has \b not \b0 been\b  \b0 tested with GarrettLoader! \lang1040 So no guarentee it will \par
\tab work.\par
\cf3\lang2057 -\tab This mission contains and uses the Custom Scripts by Telliamed\cf4\f1\fs20 .\cf0\f0\fs24\par
-\tab This is my first mission for Thief II, and the first part of a potential series.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 -\tab Watch out in rooms with windows! A guard might spy you from the outside.\par
-\tab Not all rooms are accessible from the beginning, and some cannot be entered \par
\tab at all.\par
-\tab Only look for the way back after finishing all other objectives. There is \par
\tab no other way back...(...well there might be\'85 ;) )\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\ul\b\i Version history:                                                                                                    \par
\ulnone\b0\i0 Changes in version \cf2\b 1.1\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 -\tab There \i is\i0  a way back now in case you find it too early.\par
-\tab English language support added (again thanks to \par
  \tab\lang1031 Vogelfrei, nil8hate, Bikerdude, marycwmbach and Griffin).\par
\lang2057 -\tab Small bugs resolved.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1031 Changes in version \cf2\b 2.0\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\lang2057 -\tab The annoying bug with the southern dining room doors was eliminated.\par
-\tab No crashes inside the labyrinth anymore. (Thanks to SinisterShadow, \par
\tab who helped my with this problem.)\par
-\tab Sky and ambient lightning modified.\par
-\tab Story modified.\par
-\tab New area added.\par
-\tab Graphical improvements (some textures replaced, \par
\tab Thief 2 Enhancement Pack added).\par
-\tab One optional task added.\par
-\tab Small bugs resolved.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\ul\b\i Description:                                                                                                             \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\i0 Luckily everything has settled down now. I am glad that I did not get killed in the \par
process. Just when I think it\rquote s time to settle down as a rich man with a new name... \par
I never did get a penny of Constantine\rquote s one million gold pieces that he had boastfully \par
promised, nor the incredible treasures found by the Mechanists. I\rquote ve already \par
re-accepted my life of sneaking through town again to earn my living. \par
But one morning, fate knocked on my door \endash  in the shape of a unexpected visitor. \par
My dagger was ready, but when I opened the door a little, no one was there. I was \par
about to return when I noticed a sealed letter on the floor. I looked around for \par
someone, again, nobody was there. \par
\par
I opened the letter. \par
\par
Hm, it seems I have a pen pal now. Not only that, it\rquote s the keeper who put me up when \par
I was a child. He is asking for help since he is trapped in some mansion. Well, I should \par
be thankful, yet, his sudden request is strange. Absorbed in thoughts, I rumpled the \par
paper, collected my tools and went out into town. The market was a good shortcut. \par
Big crowds, easy for one to get lost in a sea of people. Too many for the Watch \par
to keep an eye on. And then it happened. \ldblquote Freeze Taffer!\rdblquote  \ldblquote Don\rquote t move!\rdblquote  \par
An ambush. I decided from then on to stay away from \lquote merchants\rquote  with knives.\par
\par
Well, well, well, if it isn\rquote t my old friend Reuben. Apparently, he was fed up with my \par
impertinent behaviour and not only made his guys hound me, but also the City Watch \par
and the Hammerites. With a little help of my tools I was able to escape. \par
A flash bomb and a speed potion were all I needed to get the hell away from there. \par
But I knew they would be looking for me, and the streets would be swarming with \par
cops. Hiding in some dark corner I was able to rethink Orins letter. I had to \par
agree, Lord Duncan\rquote s mansion could not be worse than the streets. Furthermore, \par
visiting an estate at daylight is some difference to my habitual night tours.\par
\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\ul\b\i FM Information:                                                                                                         \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\ulnone\i0 Game:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\tab\tab Thief 2 \endash  The Metal Age\par
\cf1\b Title:\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Mysterious Invitation\cf1\b\par
Miss file name:\cf0\b0\tab\tab miss20.mis\par
\cf1\b Difficulty:\tab\cf0\b0\tab\tab Normal, Hard: blackjacking and alarming of the guards \par
\tab\tab\tab\tab allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Expert: neither blackjacking nor alarming of the guards \par
\tab\tab\tab\tab allowed\par
\cf1\b Shop:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf2\b No\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b Map:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf5\b Yes\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b Auto map:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\tab\cf5\b Yes\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b New textures:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\cf5\b Yes\cf0\b0\par
\cf1\b New sounds:\tab\cf0\b0\tab\tab\cf5\b Yes \cf0\b0 (from Thief1G)\par
\cf1\b New objects/AI:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\cf5\b Yes \cf0\b0 (AI from Thief1G/DromEd Deluxe)\par
\cf1\b Multi-language support:\tab\cf5 Yes\cf0\b0  (German/English)\par
\cf1\b Movies:\cf0\b0\tab\tab\tab\cf2\b No\cf0\b0\par
\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\ul\b\i Known bugs and problems:                                                                                          \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\ulnone\b0\i0 -\tab The number of pickpocketings is not correct. In fact there are nine possible \par
\tab pickpocketings.\par
-\tab Sometime AI step onto tables and won\rquote t come down again. This is a \par
\tab Dark Engine bug.\par
-\tab When standing next to some of the platforms, the AI won\rquote t track you anymore.\par
-\tab During beta test it was reported that some AI would get lost in certain areas \par
\tab of the level. I can\rquote t confirm that.\par
-\tab Sometimes alerted AI will attack the player only after standing still for some moments.\par
-\tab A SHAS may occur if you jump onto the swimming pool\rquote s edge.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\lang1031\ul\b\i Construktion:                                                                                                                      \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\ulnone\b0\i0 Base:\tab\tab Sky settings from frobber\rquote s KoP 9 - "Under the Raven Moon"\par
Building time: \tab a lot, long breaks in between\par
\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\lang1031\ul\b\i Credits:                                                                                                                                 \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\cf1\lang2057\ulnone\b0\i0 -\tab\b MadBull#34\cf0\b0  - Str-Converter and Tutorials (may TTLG.DE never die!)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf1 -\tab\b von.Eins\cf0\b0  - new objects and tutorials (a really good DromEd teacher)\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Rob Hicks\cf0\b0  - DromEd Deluxe\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Targa\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Hrothgar\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Nameless Voice\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Dark Arrow\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Sluggs\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Yandros\cf0\b0  - new objects and textures\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Schwaa\cf0\b0  - new objects\par
\cf1\lang1036 -\tab\b Ville Paavolainen \cf0\b0 - new textures\par
\cf1\lang2057 -\tab\b Silentsigh\cf0\b0  \endash  Creation of the Duncan banner\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Vogelfrei\cf0\b0  \endash  Creation of the starting logo and translation into English (version 1.1)\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Tom N Harris\cf0\b0  - Custom Script (and of course DarkLoader!)\par
\pard\cf1\lang1036 -\tab\b Vigil\cf0\b0  - map templates, textures (homepage: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.washboardabs.net/thief/" }}{\fldrslt{\cf6\ul www.washboardabs.net/thief/}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24 )\par
\cf1\lang2057 -\tab\b Dainem\cf0\b0  - beta testing (version 1.0) and correction of the texts\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Valen\cf0\b0  - beta testing (version 1.0) and story improvements\par
\cf1\lang1040 -\tab\b fibanocci\cf0\b0  - \lang2057 beta testing \lang1040 (version 1.0)\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Xrayalpha\cf0\b0  - \lang2057 beta testing \lang1040 (version 1.0)\par
\cf1\lang1036 -\tab\b nil8hate\cf0\b0  - translations (version 1.1)\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Bikerdude\cf0\b0  - translations (version 1.1)\par
\cf1\lang1031 -\tab\b marycwmbach\cf0\b0  - \lang1036 translations (version 1.1)\lang1031\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Griffin\cf0\b0  - \lang1036 translations (version 1.1)\lang1031\par
\cf1 -\tab\b Raven\cf0\b0  - beta testing (version 2.0), \par
\cf1\lang2057 -\tab\b SinisterShadow\cf0\b0  - beta testing (version 2.0), text correction and bug fixing\par
\cf1 -\tab\b C\'fathalion \cf0\b0 - translations (version 2.0)\par
\cf1 -\tab\b ganac\cf0\b0  - translations correction (version 2.0)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Great thanks to Nameless Voice and Vigil, Eshaktaar, R Soul, Targa, G'len and\par
DarkDragon for the Thief 2 Enhancement Pack!\par
\par
...and to all those who helped me in the forum and last but not least all of those I have forgotten.\par
\par
This FM uses pictures by www.vispix.com painted by the following artists: \par
  \lang1031 - Sisley 1839-1899, Alfred, Paris, France (pai01.gif)\par
  \lang1040 - Solimena 1657-1747, Francesco, Canale di Serino, Italy (pai02.gif)\par
  \lang2057 - Vermeer 1632-1675, Johannes, Netherlands (painting02.gif, painting03.gif, painting04.gif, pai03.gif)\par
  - Hokusai 1760-1849, Katsushika, Japan (painting01.gif)\par
\par
* Copyright Information *\par
\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact.  Feel free to include this mission in FM collection disks as long as they are not intended to generate profit.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\par
}
 