{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Book Antiqua;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 AvantGarde Md BT;}{\f3\fscript\fprq2\fcharset0 Kids;}{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs20 English, scroll down for German, French, Italian\b0\fs28 :\b\f1\par
\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\f1\fs28\par
     \fs40 Through the Lookin' Glass\fs28  - A Thief 2 Fan Mission by J.Knez (Schwaa)\par
\f3\fs20                           Low Poly Guild : \f2 http://thiefmissions.com/lpg\par
\par
Release Date:    \cf2 Vers 1.0 - 11/12/06\par
\cf0\b0\f4\par
\cf3\b\fs24 Schwaa's Rant:\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\cf4\b\fs22  This mission might possibly be expanded at some point, or worked into a small campaign, but for now enjoy as is.\par
As corny as it is, I chose TTLG as the title. Now this was not my original title or intention, but I did decide to\par
 dedicate this mission to Through the Looking Glass Studios (as thanks for a great game that is sucking\par
 away all of my time, life and talent -does that sound bad?), and alternately to TTLG.com forums and the Taffers\par
 who have helped and inspired me thru the years. It just seemed to fit so well too, I had to do it.\par
\cf1\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\par
\cf3\f4\fs28 Intro:\cf4\par
 \cf1\fs22 Rumors around town have it that a cult up on the hill has found a way to extract diamonds from the sky.\par
Sounds fishy, smells fishy too. But it surely isn't the strangest thing I've heard, anyway as sceptical\par
 as I am I've decided to investigate this rumor for myself. What's the worst thing that could happen,\par
 I find some regular old diamonds?\cf4  \par
\cf1\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\par
\fs28 Important gameplay info:\fs20\par
 I used a few custom scripts. Some objects can only be used/frobbed/read when an item on top of them is moved first.\par
 Dials use a custom script, to use press your mouse key (frob) and hold the button down.\par
 Shadows: I used renderer:runtime object shadows on alot of objects like rocks and trees. If something is between you\par
   and a light it probably casts a shadow (unless you can still see the light-like a small crate, no way you could actually\par
   hide behind one anyway.\par
 Bugs: There are some objects (by who, not sure) in circulation that have nice textures, unfortunately they use the same\par
           model names as the originals, but happen to be rotated 90 degrees. A wood table is one of them, be sure to play\par
           with a clean T2 folder to avoid these problems.\par
=============================================================================================\par
\ul Playing Information\ulnone\par
\par
Game                    :Thief 2: The Metal Age\par
Mission Title          :Through the Lookin' Glass\par
File Name             :miss35\par
Difficulty Settings  :Yes\par
Equipment Store   :Yes\par
Map                       :Well...\par
Scripts                   : tnhscript, vkscript (not included)\par
\par
\ul Construction\ulnone\par
\par
Base                      :An enormous solid void (can a solid be void?)\par
Build Time:           :info_window in Dromed will tell you.\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
\ul Loading Information/Requirements:\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf5\ulnone\fs24 Vkscripts\cf1\fs20  \cf5 -\cf1  \cf5 script.osm\cf1  (UsrScriptT2_1x2BugFix.zip) [http://thiefmissions.com/scripts/] and \cf5\fs24 thnscripts - \fs20 tnhscript.osm\cf1  (tnhScript_1.5.4)[http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/] are required\par
\pard\cf5\fs24 Public scripts\cf1\fs20  \cf5 - script-T2.osm \cf1 (pubscripts-test3)[http://thiefmissions.com/telliamed/] \cf5 WILL break a main objective\cf1 . If you have them in\par
 your Thief2 folder please remove before playing.\par
\par
Runs from Darkloader 4.3 (although earlier versions should work just fine).\par
 Haven't tested with GarrettLoader.\par
 Just leave the zipped file unzipped and put it in the folder/directory where you store your FM's.\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
Credits:\par
Level Design: Schwaa\par
Objects: Schwaa\par
Object Textures: Schwaa, Vigil\par
Meshes: Schwaa, Shadowspawn\par
Scripts: Gaylesaver, telliamed\par
Betatesters: NamelessVoice, Nightwalker, Overlord Nexus, Preno, UliB, Undead Gamer, The Watcher\par
  (Thanks to the testers for pushing me to make the mission a little more complete and polished)\par
Mulit-language support/ translations by:\par
  German: UliB and snowcap21\par
  Italian: Krenim \par
  French: NightWolf\par
\par
Special thanks to:\par
TTLG.com/forums and everyone there who has helped me through the years.\par
  I'll leave it at that, I think it covers all bases, this level was built on the shoulder of giants by a mere mortal.\par
Jason Tibbits ( http://thiefmissions.com ) and Komag ( http://keepofmetalandgold.com ) for hosting Thief Fan Missions\par
 \par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
GERMAN INTRO AND INFO -\b0\f0\fs28\par
\b\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\b0\f0\fs28\par
\b\f1      \fs40 Through the Lookin' Glass\fs28  - Eine Thief 2 Fan Mission von J.Knez (Schwaa)\par
\f3\fs20                           Low Poly Guild : \f2 http://thiefmissions.com/lpg\par
\par
Release Datum:   \cf2 Vers 1.0 - 11/12/06\par
\cf0\b0\f4\par
\cf3\b\fs24 Schwaa's Geschwafel:\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\cf4\b\fs22 Diese Mission k\'f6nnte vielleicht irgendwann weiter ausgebaut oder in eine kleine Kampagne eingebaut werden,\par
aber vorerst geniesse sie in ihrem jetzigen Zustand.  Veraltet wie sie ist, w\'e4hlte ich TTLG zum Namen. Dies war\par
nicht mein urspr\'fcnglicher Titel bzw. Plan, aber ich entschied mich, diese Mission Through the Looking Glass Studios \par
zu widmen (als Dankesch\'f6n f\'fcr ein gro\'dfartiges Spiel, das meine ganze Zeit, mein Leben und Talent auffrisst -\par
klingt das b\'f6se ?) und andererseits auch den TTLG.com Foren und den Taffern, die mir all die Jahre geholfen\par
und mich inspiriert haben. Es schien auch sehr gut zu passen, also musste ich es tun.\par
\cf1\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\par
\cf3\f4\fs28\par
Intro:\cf4\par
\cf1\fs22 Es gehen Ger\'fcchte im Ort herum, nach denen ein Kult oben auf dem H\'fcgel eine Methode gefunden\par
haben soll, Diamanten aus dem Himmel zu extrahieren. H\'f6rt sich verd\'e4chtig an und riecht nach einer\par
faulen Sache. Aber das ist sicher nicht das Seltsamste, das ich je geh\'f6rt habe. Egal. Skeptisch wie ich bin,\par
entschied ich mich, dieses Ger\'fccht mal selber unter die Lupe zu nehmen. Was kann schon Schlimmes \par
passieren. Etwa, dass ich ein paar gew\'f6hnliche alte Diamanten finde ?\cf4\par
\cf1\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\par
\fs28\par
Wichtige gameplay info:\par
\fs20 Ich verwendete ein paar "custom scripts". Manche Objekte k\'f6nnen erst benutzt/angefasst/gelesen werden, wenn ein\par
Gegenstand auf den Objekten bewegt/verschoben wird. Drehr\'e4der benutzen ein "custom script". Um sie zu benutzen,\par
dr\'fccke die Maustaste f\'fcr Anfassen und halte sie gedr\'fcckt.\par
Schatten: Ich benutzte "renderer:runtime object shadows" bei vielen Objekten wie Felsen und B\'e4umen. Wenn etwas zwischen\par
dir und dem Licht ist, wirft es wahrscheinlich einen Schatten. (Au\'dfer, du kannst noch das Licht sehen- wie z.B. bei einer kleinen Kiste,\par
dahinter k\'f6nntest du dich ja sowieso nicht verstecken)\par
Fehler: Es sind manche Objekte im Umlauf (keine Ahnung, von wem die sind), die sch\'f6nere Texturen haben. Dummerweise haben diese \par
denselben Modellnamen wie die Originale, aber sind um 90 Grad gedreht. Ein Holztisch ist eines von ihnen. Vergewissere dich, mit einem sauberen T2-Verzeichnis zu spielen, um dieses Problem zu umgehen. \par
=============================================================================================\par
\ul Spiel Information\ulnone\par
\par
Spiel                     :Thief 2: The Metal Age\par
Missionstitel          :Through the Lookin' Glass\par
Dateiname             :miss35\par
Schwierigkeits-\par
Einstellungen        :Ja\par
Ausr\'fcstungsladen  :Ja\par
Karte                     :Nun,...\par
Scripts                   : tnhscript, vkscript - download von thiefmissions.com\par
\par
\ul Construction\ulnone\par
\par
Base                      :An enormous solid void (can a solid be void?)\par
Build Time:           :info_window in Dromed will tell you.\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
\ul Loading Information/Requirements:\par
\par
\ulnone Vkscripts and thnscripts are required\par
\par
Runs from Darkloader 4.3 (although earlier versions should work just fine) and GarrettLoader.\par
 Just leave the zipped file unzipped and put it in the folder/directory where you store your FM's.\par
\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
FRENCH INTRO AND INFO - INTRO ET INFOS (VERSION FRANCAISE)\par
=============================================================================================\b0\f0\fs28\par
\b\f1      \fs40 Through the Lookin' Glass\fs28  - A Thief 2 Fan Mission by J.Knez (Schwaa)\par
\f3\fs20                           Low Poly Guild : \f2 http://thiefmissions.com/lpg\par
\par
Release Date:   \cf2 Vers 1.0 - 11/12/06\par
\cf1\par
\cf3\f4\fs28 Intro:\cf4\par
 \cf1\fs22 Le bruit court en ville qu'un culte en haut de la colline a trouv\'e9 le moyen d'extraire des diamants du \par
ciel. C'a l'air d'un canular, \'e7a sent le canular, \'e7a go\'fbte m\'eame le canular, mais ce n'est pas la chose la plus\par
bizarre que j'aie entendue, et sceptique comme je le suis, j'ai d\'e9cid\'e9 de mener ma propre enqu\'eate. Apr\'e8s \par
tout, que pourrait-il m'arriver de pire ? Trouver de bons vieux diamats tout ce qu'il y a de normaux ?\cf4\par
\cf0\fs16\par
\cf1\f2\fs20 =============================================================================================\par
\fs28 Informations importantes :\fs20\par
 J'ai utilis\'e9 quelques scripts personnalis\'e9s. Certains objets ne peuvent \'eatre utilis\'e9s / frobb\'e9s / lus que lorsqu'un objet\par
sur eux est d\'e9plac\'e9 auparavant.\par
\par
 Ombres : j'ai utilis\'e9 les ombres d'objets renderer:runtime sur un tas d'objets, comme les rochers et les arbres. Si\par
quelque chose se trouve entre vous et la lumi\'e8re, il cr\'e9e probablement une ombre (\'e0 moins que vous ne voyiez \par
encore la lumi\'e8re, comme pour une petite caisse, de toutes mani\'e8res vous ne pourriez pas vous cacher derri\'e8re elle)\par
\par
 Bugs: Certains objets (de qui, je ne suis pas certain) en circulation on de jolies textures, mais utilisent malheureusement\par
les m\'eames noms de mod\'e8les que les originaux, mais pivot\'e9s \'e0 90 degr\'e9s. Une table en bois entre autres. Assurez-vous\par
de jouer avec un dossier de DP2 propre pour \'e9viter ces probl\'e8mes.\par
=============================================================================================\par
Scripts requis : tnhscript, vkscript - \'e0 t\'e9l\'e9charger sur thiefmissions.com\par
\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
\f0 ITALAIN\b0\fs28  \b\fs20 INTRO AND INFO \f2 -\par
=============================================================================================\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\f1\fs28      Through the Lookin' Glass \endash  Una fan mission per Thief II di J.Knez (Schwaa)\par
\f3\fs20                           Low Poly Guild : \f2 http://thiefmissions.com/lpg\par
\par
\pard\lang1040 Data di Rilascio:   \lang1033  \cf2 Vers 1.0 - 11/12/06\cf1\lang1040  \cf2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\b0\f0\par
\cf3\b\fs24 Lamentele di Schwaa:\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\cf4\b\fs22  Questa missione potrebbe prima o poi essere espansa o inserita in una piccola campagna, ma per ora godetevela per quello che \'e8.\par
Per quanto possa sembrare sentimentale, ho scelto TTLG come titolo. Ora, questo non \'e8 certo il titolo originale che avevo scelto, ma ho deciso di dedicare questa missione ai Through the Looking Glass Studios (come ringraziamento per aver creato un grande gioco che mi succhia via tutta la vita, il tempo ed il talento \endash suona brutta, vero?) e alternativamente al forum del sito TTLG.com e a tutti i ladri che mi hanno aiutato ed ispirato nel corso degli anni. Mi \'e8 sembrato giusto farlo e l\rquote ho fatto.\par
\cf1\lang2057\f2\fs20 ==================================================\par
\cf3\f0\fs28 Intro:\cf4\par
 \cf1\fs22 Gira voce in citt\'e0 che un piccolo culto sulle colline ha trovato il modo di estrarre diamanti dal cielo.\par
\lang1040  La cosa mi \'e8 sembrata strana, ma sicuramente non \'e8 la cosa pi\'f9 strana che ho sentito e per quanto sia scettico sulla faccenda ho deciso di investigare da me su questa voce. Qual \'e8 in fondo la cosa peggiore che mi potrebbe capitare, di trovare qualche normale grosso diamante?\cf4  \par
\cf1\lang2057\f2\fs20 ==================================================\par
\lang1040\fs28 Importanti informazioni di gioco:\fs20\par
 Ho usato alcuni script custom. Alcuni oggetti possono essere utilizzati/attivati/letti solamente quando \'e8 rimosso un oggetto che vi sta sopra.\par
 Certi elementi utilizzano script custom, per utilizzarli premete il tasto del mouse e tenetelo premuto.\par
 Ombre: ho usato il renderer:runtime object shadows su molti degli oggetti come rocce e alberi. Se qualcosa si trova fra voi e una luce probabilmente proietter\'e0 un\rquote ombra (a meno che non riusciate ancora a vedere la luce, come nel caso di una piccola cassa, in ogni caso non sarete in grado di nascondervi l\'ec dietro.\par
 Bug: ci sono alcuni oggetti (non so di chi siano) in circolazione con ottime texture, sfortunatamente usano lo stesso model name degli originali ma appaiono rotati di 90 gradi. Un tavolo di legno \'e8 uno di loro, per evitare questi problemi giocate con una cartella di Thief II pulita.\par
\lang2057 ==================================================\par
\lang1040\ul Informazioni di Gioco\ulnone\par
\par
\lang2057 Gioco                           :Thief II: The Metal Age\par
Titolo missione           :Through the Lookin' Glass\par
\lang1040 Nome File                    :miss35\par
Livelli di difficolt\'e0       :Si\par
Acquisto attrezzatura :Yes\par
\lang2057 Mappa                          :Ehm...\par
Script                           : tnhscript, vkscript \endash  scaricati da thiefmissions.com\par
\par
\ul Costruzione\ulnone\par
\par
\lang1040 Base                              :Un enorme e solido vuoto (se mai pu\'f2 esistere)\par
Tempo di Costruzione :info_window in Dromed ve lo pu\'f2 dire.\par
\par
\lang2057 ==================================================\par
\lang1040\ul Informazioni di caricamento/requisiti:\par
\par
\lang2057\ulnone Vkscripts e thnscripts necessari\par
\par
\lang1040 Avviabile con Darkloader 4.3 (anche se dovrebbe andare bene anche con versioni precedenti).\par
 Non l\rquote ho testata con il GarrettLoader.\par
 Lasciate l\rquote archivio compattato e ponetelo nella vostra cartella con le altre FM del gioco.\par
\par
\lang2057 ==================================================\par
Crediti:\par
Level Design: Schwaa\par
Oggetti: Schwaa\par
Meshes: Schwaa, Shadowspawn\par
Scripts: Gaylesaver, telliamed\par
Betatester: NamelessVoice, Nightwalker, Overlord Nexus, Preno, UliB, Undead Gamer, The Watcher\par
\lang1040\par
   \par
Ringraziamenti Speciali a:\par
TTLG.com/forum e tutti coloro che mi hanno aiutato negli anni.\par
Tutto qui, mi pare di aver coperto tutto. Questo livello \'e8 stato costruito sulle spalle di giganti da un mero mortale.\par
\lang2057 Jason Tibbits ( http://thiefmissions.com ) e Komag ( http://keepofmetalandgold.com ) per hostare Thief Fan Missions\par
 \par
\ul Copyright\par
\ulnone\par
\lang1040 Questo livello \'e8 \'a9 di Schwaa \par
\par
La distribuzione di questo livello \'e8 consentita fino a quando rimarr\'e0 gratuita ed il pacchetto sar\'e0 tenuto intatto. Nessuno pu\'f2 editare e re-distribuire questa missione senza il mio permesso esplicito.\par
\par
\pard Questo livello non \'e8 stato creato e non \'e8 supportato dai Looking Glass Studios o dalla Eidos Interactive.\lang1033\par
\par
=============================================================================================\par
\ul Copyright Information\ulnone\par
\par
This level is \'a9 by Schwaa \par
\par
Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. \par
No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos \par
Interactive.\par
\par
\par
\cf0\b0\f4\par
}
 