{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f16\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AvalonQuest;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b7200000000000000}Carleton;}
{\f105\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f106\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f108\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f109\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f110\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f117\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f118\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f120\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f121\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f122\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\qc\sb20\sa20\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright 
\b\f17\lang2057 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb20\sa20\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f17\fs16\lang2057 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{
\s16\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f17\lang2057 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}
{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f3\fbias0 }}\ls1}{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls2}}{\info
{\author Deliniator}{\operator Ivan}{\creatim\yr1999\mo1\dy29\hr15\min10}{\revtim\yr2007\mo3\dy5\hr18\min42}{\version39}{\edmins68}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords827}{\nofchars4715}{\*\company Acme}{\nofcharsws5790}{\vern73}}
\margl1134\margr1134\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz283\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj\ri4\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f2\cgrid0 =======================================
\par }\pard \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Assault At The Gas Station
\par Release }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Version 1.2}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  scripts included
\par =======================================
\par Author: Sterlino
\par Contact info: Sterlinoy@libero.it 
\par Homepage: }{\fs24\cf2\lang2057\cgrid0 http://sterlino.altervista.org/index.html}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par Date of the first official release: 22/9/06
\par }\pard \qj\li357\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\fs14\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }{\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 Title:\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Assault At the Gas Station - }{\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 see the introduction}{\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par Version:\tab \tab \tab \tab 1.2
\par Author:\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Sterlino
\par Game:\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Thief 2
\par Difficulty settings:\tab \tab \tab yes - }{\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 see the differences down below}{\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par Map / Automap:\tab \tab \tab yes/no
\par New graphics:\tab \tab \tab \tab yes
\par New Objects:\tab \tab \tab \tab Yes - }{\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 see below}{\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par Multi language support:\tab \tab \tab No
\par 
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 --------------------------------------------------}{\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb20\sa20\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 {\f17\fs22 GasStationAssault updated version 1.2.zip}{\f17  - 8 march 2007}{\f17\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 --------------------------------------------------}{\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f17\lang2057 {\b + labirinth zone}{ : added a valve total control that drain the gas complitely to solve a balance of gameplay difficulty.
\par }\pard\plain \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\b\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 + improved model of the gasmask }{\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 : more clear visibility once weared.
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par  }{\f2\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qc\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 INTRODUCTION :
\par 
\par }\pard \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 Note: This mission takes place a FEW DAYS BEFORE 
\par the end of the metal age. 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f17\fs32\lang2057\cgrid0 the story}{\f17\fs28\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par }{\f17\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f17\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 Since you were involved in Victoria's plot, things are going to be harder for
\par you. The Mechanists increased their vigilance and you're not so free to go everywhere without taking
\par careful measures.
\par Yesterday a man from the Pagans came knocking on your door. When he came in,
\par you tried to breathe as little as possible because of the smell emanating from him.
\par "We need your help, Garrett. The Mechanists are going to build a new secret weapon. We don't
\par know exactly what is it but we know that it will have a deadly effect on everything surrounding
\par us: woods, air, water...everything could be poisoned by that weapon.
\par They've created a front to disguise the evil thing and it's called "Gas Station".
\par Karras fooled the people, telling them it was to bring light and warmth into every house but the truth 
\par is that this man wants to make slaves of us and destroy all the vegetation.
\par We must stop this plan. The gas station is the source of many problems and must be destroyed.
\par We have a plan for you to follow. Remember the promise you made to Victoria...
\par Find a way to sneak inside the station. Your first objective is to locate the blue shiny node that 
\par keeps the gas field around the Station up, so do whatever is in your power to get it or destroy it.
\par If you don't succeed, we risk dying before the assault even begins.
\par Afterwards, look around to see if there are any other possible dangers to us. When you're sure that everything looks safe, find an exit to the sewer where we will await you. Then we can begin our assault." 
\par 
\par So, on a dark and rainy night your fate will be tied with the destiny of an entire age...
\par 
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 ---------------------------------------------------
\par }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 note on the GasStationAssault old version 1.1
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 ---------------------------------------------------
\par this version was released to fix a couple of final bugs that in the beta stage
\par we didn\rquote t find and to include the scripts modules used to prevent some
\par system defaults problems.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 {Beware: if you don\rquote 
t like the idea to have a mission pack with the scripts inside BEFORE PLAY, in darkloader press to INSTALL only then go to thief2 folder and delete the files: script.osm thnscript.osm darkhooks.dlx ! after that download
 from the link down here the scripts modules directly from the original sites.\line \line }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.thiefmissions.com/scripts/"}{{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4c00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00740068006900650066006d0069007300730069006f006e0073002e0063006f006d002f0073006300720069007000740073002f000000004000000000
f000001f0f004fd020003a691000d808000030309d00002f43005c00000000000000000000000000000000000000190030000000000000000000000050004f4752004d4d49000020000057000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\fs24\ul\cf2 http://www.thiefmissions.com/scripts/}}}{ 
\par }\pard\plain \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1040\cgrid {\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 better setting}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par audio: channel 16, hardware acceleration=off, eax=off
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs32\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 Construction}{\f2\fs32\lang2057\cgrid0  *
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Base       : From mind
\par Build Time : A full occupied month (and another month for beta-testing)
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 NOTE ABOUT THE ANTI-GAS MASK}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par in the game you will find a new tool for garrett, it's the AntiGasMask, it works as expected and when you wear it you don't suffer the letal effects of the gas.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f2\fs22\lang2057\cgrid0 Important: }{\b\fs24 to take off the mask you have to select it from your inventory again and click on it}{\b\f2\fs22\lang2057\cgrid0 
. A shortcut key is present, go to the player menu to 
\par }\pard \sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f2\fs22\lang2057\cgrid0 set a Keyboard\rquote s key for select the Antigasmask in a faster way.}{\f2\fs22\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 Warning}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 : when you wear the mask you cannot use your weapons and }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 if you pick up a weapon, it will disable the Mask}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 .
\par }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Same thing if you find a Scouting Orb }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 and use it..
\par Since you have the mask ON, }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 you can\rquote t}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  eat but }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 you can}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  use the }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 potions}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 .
\par 
\par }{\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 Difficulties differences}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par The only two differences between Easy and Med/Expert are the number of the guards and the location of one of the Primal Node keys. 
\par (obviously except the loot that is 2500 easy, 3500 med, 4500 expert).\'f9
\par 
\par }{\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 Sounds}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par The music gascel,gaslinder,timrs,timersII and the effects vader,dig1 and dig2 are created by Sterlino with the help of some house tools.
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs24\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 thanks to}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 :
\par Everyone at the TTLG forum, }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Sluggs }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 (my dear friend), }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Fidcal}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 , }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Rsoul}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  (the wise), }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Yandros}{
\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 , }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Dr Sneak.}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par A special thanks to }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 ShadowSpawn}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  and }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 The Watcher}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  who helped me with the ranout trouble.
\par Thanks to }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Nameless Voice}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  for some things like the GasParticle effect that is a modified version of his nice cemetery fog.
\par Thanks also to }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Ottoj55}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  for his minelamp model. (Otto I wanna play A Debt Repaid II)
\par and my C.S.I. }{\b\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 betatesting team}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 : }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 GRIFFIN,}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 FFOX, SILENTWARRIOR & MOTLEYCAT.
\par }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 And one last and very important thanks to }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Epithumia}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  for the support and the patience with me (as always), }{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 Ffox}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  for the same reasons and a }{
\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 very special mention}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  
\par to }{\b\f2\ul\lang2057\cgrid0 Bikerdude}{\b\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  }{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 (the benefactor) for his precious gift, Bikerdude you\rquote re a great person  !   
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 ~@~ }{\f2\fs28\lang2057\cgrid0 Copyright Information}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0  ~@~
\par 
\par }{\f2\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 This level was made by }{\b\f2\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 Sterlino}{\f2\fs24\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package
\par is kept intact. 
\par You may not include this level to any map pack without my
\par permission.
\par  No one may edit and re-distribute this mission without my express permission. 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.}{\f2\lang2057\cgrid0 
\par }}