{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff1\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f45\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f56\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1759802414\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-2126590310\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720
\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567619\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 
\fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567621\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567617\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567619\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2
\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567621
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67567617\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567619\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67567621\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1617717712}}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid1617717712\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title ===================================================================================}{\author Linda Travis}{\operator 52LASICH}{\creatim\yr2006\mo9\dy28\hr15\min27}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo10\dy2\hr7\min13}{\version5}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1213}{\nofchars6920}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8243}}\margl1319\margr1319\margt1417\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang4105\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp1033 {
================================================================================
\par =========================     ENGLISH DESCRIPTION  =============================
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par July 18th 2006
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Author\tab \tab \tab :\tab Schattengilde
\par E-Mail\tab \tab \tab :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par Version\tab \tab \tab :\tab V1.1
\par Released on\tab \tab       :\tab July 25th 2006
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Description:
\par The story takes place after Thief 2: THE METAL AGE.
\par Many of the remaining Mechanists returned contritely to 
\par the Hammerites after the fall of Karras. They repudiated the heresy of Karras and assisted in the hunt for Mechanists not willing to renounce their faith. Only a few managed to escape this purge.
\par 
\par Strengthened with new acolytes, the Hammerites resumed power. The High Hammerite council formally decreed the dissolution of the Order of the Gear. Following this, the members of the City Watch returned to their former professions, resulting in a po
wer vacuum that the Hammerites couldn't fill. Several other groups took advantage of this to try to gain power for themselves. The Keepers, once again anxious to keep balance in the city, were forced to act. Of late, they have concentrated on a single per
son, Bassilus, a priest and self-proclaimed messiah.
\par 
\par His plans have been difficult to discover and it is nearly impossible to enter his sphere of control. Unwanted guests disappear without a trace. The Keepers sense that he could become a great threat to t
he entire town so it's not really a surprise that one night Garrett receives a well-known visitor as well as a new mission.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par *Playing information*
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab       :\tab Thief 2: The Metal Age
\par Title of the Mission\tab :\tab Dark Messiah
\par Mission's file name(s)\tab :\tab miss20.mis
\par Difficulty levels\tab       :     Normal, Hard, Expert
\par Equipment store\tab \tab :\tab No
\par Map\tab \tab \tab       :\tab Yes
\par Automap\tab \tab \tab :\tab No
\par New textures\tab \tab :\tab Yes
\par New sounds\tab \tab       :\tab Yes
\par New objects\tab \tab       :\tab Yes
\par Multi language\tab \tab :\tab Yes: English and German
\par Briefing\tab \tab       :\tab No
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par *Construction*
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab :\tab A side quest of Baldur\'b4s Gate - Tales of the Sword Coast
\par Build time\tab \tab :\tab 2 1/4 years
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Important notes and hints: In comparison to V1.0 texture problems are remedied.
\par Some ambient sounds and texts were changed.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Thanks to:
\par 
\par - von.Eins - German translation of the Dromed-Turorial
\par - Christine - assistance with Schemas
\par - Dainem - betatesting and correction of texts (German only)
\par - MH.TheFreak - betatesting
\par - Anne - betatesting
\par - Raven - betatesting
\par - fibanocci - betatesting
\par - meril - provided Betabase
\par - Alun David Bestor - new textures and objects / www.washboardabs.net/thief
\par - Thorin Oakenshield - new textures
\par - SinisterShadow \endash  English translation
\par - Nightwalker and Bernie \endash  correction of texts and editing (English only)
\par 
\par ...and to anyone, who assisted me with help and advice in the forum, as well to anyone }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 I forgot.
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par * Loading Information *
\par 
\par The mission is compatible with Darkloader.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par * Copyright * 
\par 
\par This Mission is }{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 211 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057  by Schattengilde July 2006
\par 
\par Distribution is only allowed as long as it's free and the package is kept intact. Use at your own risk.
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Interactive.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par =========================   DEUTSCHE BESCHREIBUNG   ============================
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par 18 Juli 2006
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Autor\tab \tab \tab       :\tab Schattengilde
\par E-Mail\tab \tab \tab :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par Version\tab \tab \tab :\tab V1.1
\par Erschienen am\tab \tab :\tab 25.07.2006
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Beschreibung:
\par Die Geschichte spielt in der Zeit nach DARK PROJECT 2: THE METAL AGE
\par Nach dem Untergang von Karras sind viele der verbliebenen Mechanisten reum\'fctig zu den Hammeriten zur\'fcckgekehrt. Sie schworen der Irrlehre des Karras ab und halfen mit, die verbliebenen Mechanisten die nicht abschw\'f6ren wollten, aufzust\'f6
bern und zu t\'f6ten. Nur wenige entkamen dieser Hetzjagd.
\par Verst\'e4rkt mit neuen Gefolgsleuten konnten die Hammeriten wieder die Macht
\par \'fcbernehmen. Nach der nun folgenden formellen Aufl\'f6sung des Ordens des Zahnrades
\par durch den Obersten Rat der Hammeriten liefen die Mitglieder der Stadtwache in alle Richtungen davon. Viele von ihnen kehrten wieder in ihre alten "Berufe" zur\'fcck. Durch die Selbstaufl\'f6
sung der Stadtwache war jedoch ein Machtvakuum entstanden, das von den Hammeriten nicht beseitigt werden konnte. Dies nutzen verschiedene Gruppen um sich ihr St\'fcck vom Kuchen zu sichern.
\par Diese kr\'e4ftem\'e4\'dfige Zersplitterung ruft wiederum die H\'fcter auf den Plan, die einmal mehr derum bem\'fcht sind, das Gleichgewicht der Stadt zu bewahren. Doch in letzter Zeit haben sie ihr Augenmerk auf
 eine Person gerichtet und ein Name macht die Runde: Bassilus, ein Priester und selbternannter Messias. Seine Pl\'e4ne sind schwer zu ergr\'fcnden und es ist kaum m\'f6glich in seinen Machtbereich einzudringen. Unerw\'fc
nschte Besucher verschwinden spurlos von der Bildfl\'e4che und nichts deutet auf ihren Verbleib hin. Die H\'fcter sp\'fcren, da\'df er zu einer gro\'dfen Gefahr f\'fcr die ganze Stadt werden kann. Und so kommt es nicht \'fcberraschend, da\'df
 Garrett eines Abends wohlbekannten Besuch, verbunden mit einem neuen Auftrag, erh\'e4lt.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par *Spielinformation*
\par 
\par Spiel\tab \tab \tab       :\tab Dark Project 2 - The Metal Age
\par Titel der Mission\tab       :\tab Dunkler Messias
\par }{Mission File Name(s)\tab :\tab miss20.mis
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Schwierigkeitsgrade\tab :     Normal, Hart, Experte
\par Ausr\'fcstungsladen\tab       :\tab Nein
\par Karte\tab \tab \tab       :\tab Ja
\par Autokarte\tab \tab       :\tab Nein
\par Neue Texturen\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Neue Sounds\tab \tab       :\tab Ja
\par Neue Objekte\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Mehrsprachig\tab \tab :\tab Deutsch und Englisch
\par }{Briefing\tab \tab       :\tab Nein
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par *Construction*
\par 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Basis\tab \tab       \tab :\tab Eine Nebenhandlung aus Baldur\'b4s Gate - Legenden   
\par                               der Schwertk\'fcste
\par Bauzeit\tab \tab \tab :\tab 2 1/4 Jahre (zweieinviertel Jahre)
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Wichtige Bemerkungen und Hinweise : Im Vergleich zur V 1.0 sind Texturprobleme behoben und vereinzelte Ambient Sounds und Texte ge\'e4ndert.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par Danke an :
\par 
\par - von.Eins - Deutsche \'dcbersetzung des Dromed-Turorials
\par - Christine - Hilfe bei den Schemas
\par - Dainem - Betatesten und Textkorrektur (deutsche Version)
\par - MH.TheFreak - Betatesten
\par - Anne - Betatesten
\par - Raven - Betatesten
\par - Fibanocci - Betatesten
\par - meril - zur Verf\'fcgung stellen der Betabase
\par - Alun David Bestor - Neue Texturen und Objekte / www.washboardabs.net/thief
\par - Thorin Oakenshield - Neue Texturen
\par - SinisterShadow \endash  \'dcbersetzung ins Englische
\par - Nightwalker und Bernie \endash  Textkorrektur und Editing (englische Version)
\par 
\par ...und all diejenigen, die mir im Forum mit Rat und Tat zur Seite standen, sowie 
\par diejenigen, die ich verga\'df hier aufzulisten.
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par *Installationshinweise*
\par 
\par Die Mission ist Darkloaderkompatibel.
\par }{================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright Information*
\par 
\par This Mission is }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 211 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{ by Schattengilde July 2006
\par 
\par }{\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031 Die Weitergabe darf nur kostenlos erfolgen und die Datei mu\'df intakt bleiben. Die
\par Benutzung erfolgt auf eigene Gefahr.
\par Dieses Level ist nicht von Looking Glass Studios oder Eidos Interactive hergestellt und wird auch nicht von diesen unterst\'fctzt.
\par }}