{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid10386380}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info
{\title ================================================================================}{\author Dave}{\operator Bryan  Gleason}{\creatim\yr2009\mo11\dy20\hr20\min13}{\revtim\yr2009\mo11\dy20\hr20\min13}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords621}
{\nofchars3543}{\*\company DRC}{\nofcharsws4156}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1152\margr1152 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot10386380 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10386380 
================================================================================
\par 
\par Title:\tab \tab Augustine's Revenge
\par Author:\tab \tab Bryan Gleason (alias BBB)
\par Contact Info:\tab bgleason@evare.com
\par Homepage: \tab \tab n/a
\par Date Finished:\tab November 2009
\par 
\par Briefing:  You got a strange note under your door 2 nights ago to meet a stranger at the Fatted Calf. When you arrived you saw he was a hunched over sad looking man who dragged 
his left leg. It was from Prince Augustine. Evidently many years ago there was a duel between Augustine and the then Prince Robert for the hand of Lady Veronica. Knowing Prince Augustine was the stronger man, Robert had a local sorcerer drug Augustine so 
t
hat he could hardly stand on his own for the duel. Robert then hit Augustine time and time again with a heavy mace and Augustine was so injured he was not supposed to live. He did live but has a noticeable limp and has no use of his left hand. Augustine w
a
nts revenge and will pay you handsomely to break into Lord Robert's manor and steal his prize possession - his stash. It is hidden somewhere on the top floor. It is impossible to get in to the manor from the west even though you can see the manor across t
h
e canal, so you will need to follow a long and complex route which involves some climbing and swimming. It heads south initially, then east and then north where eventually you can gain access to the manor cellars from the sewer. Also, Augustine has inside
 
information that Robert is having an affair with a young servant girl. He wants you to find information about the affair and drop the info at Lt. Davis's office at the police station. This should ruin Robert in the community. Augustine kept saying please 
h
elp me make things right. It was kind of creepy but he offered a big big sum for the job, the biggest payoff you have ever been offered. How could you say no? He gave you a substantial down payment and will pay the rest after the job is done. You get to k
eep the stash as well. Finally, you should pick up some additional loot for yourself along the way. This is a dream job. He wants it done tonight. No time for planning, It is dark and time to go to work.
\par 
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par * Playing Information *
\par 
\par Game:\tab \tab \tab \tab Thief: The Dark Project
\par Title: \tab \tab \tab Augustine's Revenge
\par File Name:\tab \tab \tab miss20.mis
\par Difficulty Settings: \tab Normal, Hard, Expert
\par Equipment Store: \tab \tab No
\par Map: \tab \tab \tab \tab Yes
\par Auto Map: \tab \tab \tab No
\par New Graphics: \tab \tab No
\par New Sounds: \tab \tab No
\par Multi-Language Support: No
\par 
\par Briefing: \tab \tab \tab No
\par 
\par Difficulty Level Info: \tab Normal 8000 Loot, Hard 10000 Loot, Expert 12000 Loot 
\par 
\par * Construction *
\par 
\par Base: \tab \tab \tab Dromed base
\par Build Time:\tab \tab \tab Longer than I thought for a TDP mission. About 1 1/2 years part time.
\par 
\par   
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par * Loading Information *
\par 
\par DarkLoader ready. Runs from Darkloader. Leave the file ZIPPED - DO NOT UNZ
IP this file, but put the whole thing into whatever folder/directory you want to on your hard drive, then in Darkloader setup, point to this folder/directory, and the mission should show up in the Darkloader main screen.
\par 
\par ================================================================================
\par 
\par * Copyright Information *
\par 
\par This mission is (c) 2009 by Bryan Gleason.
\par 
\par Thanks to KOMAG for getting me started with his famous tutorial.
\par Thanks to voice actors - Lizaneth, Random Taffer, eepcat, and Garras.
\par Thanks to terrific testers who made this mission much much better - Nightwalker, Freddy Fox, Peter Smith, Lady Lisa and Pavlovscat.
\par Thanks to everyone at the TTLG forums for their help! Best community on the planet. It is truly extraordinary.
\par Finally, thanks to Looking Glass Studios who have provided me with years of enjoyment. I have been mesmerized ever since I played Lord Bafford and it had never changed. Absolute genius work!
\par 
\par Distribution of this level is allowed in any way, shape or manner you wish.
\par However, you must leave the mission intact and give me credit for it. Have fun! 
\par 
\par 
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos 
\par Interactive.
\par 
\par (This text file was copied from another Fan Mission and modified).
\par }}