{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f131\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f132\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f134\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f135\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f136\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f137\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f138\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}
{\info{\author Volker Scholz}{\operator Volker Scholz}{\creatim\yr2008\mo1\dy17\hr16\min8}{\revtim\yr2008\mo1\dy17\hr16\min11}{\version5}{\edmins0}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1547}{\nofchars8820}{\nofcharsws10831}{\vern8249}}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1418\margr1134\margt1418\margb1418 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \lndscpsxn\psz1\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 ==================================================================================================
\par ENGLISH DESCRIPTION
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par 
\par author\tab \tab \tab             :\tab Schattengilde
\par e-mail                                     :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par version\tab \tab \tab             :\tab 1.1
\par released\tab \tab             :\tab 31.12. 2007
\par 
\par Description:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 The story takes place when Karras was in charge and his influence on the city grew stronger...\line \line 
The Mechanists were eager to take over control of the city but this could be prevented by now. However, Karras is willing to do everything to achieve it, despite the costs.\line \line 
The resistance increased, especially the guardian's guild, which wasn't eager to s
erve under Karras. They and the remains of the Hammerite order formed the core of this resistance group. Karras attracted General Morbid, a former commander of the Baron's army, to his side and the tides in the conflict started to change.\line 
The general, suspended from military service, was now Karras\rquote  right hand and willing to act unscrupulously without hesitation.\line \line 
First, he outlawed the guardian's guild and disbanded all private security services. He banned any private use and possession of weapons of all kinds and finally he "cleaned" the city of all local aristocrats, like Ramirez, Bafford, Donal, Reuben ...
\line He smashed their estates and their inhabitants where never seen again.\line \line Some city districts resisted and despite the ban on weapons, arsenals were filled and the people ready to fight.\line 
The Mechanists had to retreat into their territories but continued their reign of terror.\line All the refugees seemed to have vanished and talk about a hidden retreat circulated through the city. In addition to that, there we
re rumors about a mysterious order with members well trained in the arts of fighting, spying, infiltration and assassination. Their guerrilla tactics seem to work well on the Mechanists...\line \line 
When General Morbid heard of these rumors, he banned all public meetings and imposed a curfew at night. In an attempt to regain control of the situation, he commanded his elite fighters to wipe out any resistance they might find.\line \line 
In the midst of all this chaos, a messenger appeared to bring Garrett a letter from the Keepers, referring to the "Book of Prophecies" which vanished out of their secret library. The one who owns this book may change the city forever...
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Playing information*
\par 
\par Game\tab \tab \tab :\tab Dark Project 2 - The Metal Age
\par Title of the mission        :\tab The Book of Prophecy \endash  Part 1 (Dead letter box)
\par File name        \tab :\tab miss20.mis
\par Difficulty settings\tab :           normal, hard, expert
\par Equipment store         \tab :\tab no
\par Map\tab \tab \tab :\tab yes
\par Automap\tab \tab :\tab no
\par New textures\tab             :\tab yes
\par New sounds\tab \tab :\tab yes
\par New objects\tab \tab :\tab yes
\par Multi language\tab :\tab yes, English and German
\par Briefing\tab \tab :\tab no
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Construction*
\par 
\par Base\tab \tab \tab :\tab will be mentioned at another place
\par Build Time                   :\tab ca. 7 months
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par Important notes and hints :
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par Credits:
\par 
\par Rob Hicks for Dromed Deluxe, MadBull#34 for the .str-Converter, Dainem for proofreading, von.Eins for the german translation des Dromed-tutorial and meril for the Betabase
\par 
\par for new objects/mesh: Schwaa, von.Eins, Daemonite, Ernie, Rob Hicks, Nameless Voice und Alun Bestor
\par > www.washboardabs.net/thief/
\par 
\par for new textures: Dhin, Majic, textures from the "Night Falcon", Alun Bestor >www.washboardabs.net/thief/ and textures from local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/texture_color/ (modified for Dromed)
\par 
\par Betatester: Anne, Valen, MH.TheFreak, fibanocci, Neferure, K.I.F.T., Raven
\par 
\par for the english version: Intruder for the translation into english as well as Nightwalker and Bernie for editing
\par 
\par .....and BIOHAZARD for their Rap-influenced Hardcore.....
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang4105\langfe1031\langnp4105 ...and to anyone, who assisted me with help and advice in the forum, as well as to anyone }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 I forgot.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Loading Information*
\par 
\par Darkloader Ready.  DO NOT UNZIP THIS FILE!!
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright Information*
\par 
\par This level is }{\f3\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 \'e3}{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057  by Schattengilde 31th December 2007
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par }{==================================================================================================
\par ==================================================================================================
\par DEUTSCHE BESCHREIBUNG
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par 
\par Autor\tab \tab \tab             :\tab Schattengilde
\par }{\lang1040\langfe1031\langnp1040 E-Mail                                    :\tab dark.project@t-online.de
\par }{Version\tab \tab \tab :\tab 1.1
\par Erschienen am\tab \tab :\tab 31.12. 2007
\par 
\par Beschreibung:
\par 
\par Die Geschichte spielt irgendwann in der Zeit der Regentschaft von Karras
\par 
\par Das ehrgeizige Vorhaben der Mechanisten, die Kontrolle \'fcber die Stadt zu \'fcbernehmen, konnte bis jetzt verhindert werden. Dennoch ist es nach wie vor das Ziel von Karras, dies zu erreichen, egal mit welchen Mitteln. Aber die Widerst\'e4nde waren gro
\'df, vor allem von Seiten der Gilde der Wachm\'e4nner, die nicht unter der Fuchtel der Mechanisten ihren Dienst aus\'fcben wollten. Sie und die Reste der Hammeriten waren di
e Keimzelle des Widerstandes. Doch seit dem es Karras gelungen ist, den Ex-Oberbefehlshaber des Barons, General Morbid, auf seine Seite zu ziehen, scheint sich das Blatt zu wenden. Der General, wegen paranoiden Vorstellungen vom Milit\'e4
rdienst suspendiert, ist Karras\'b4 starker Arm, der dessen Befehle kompromisslos und ohne zu z\'f6gern ausf\'fchrt.
\par Die erste Amtshandlung des Generals bestand darin, die Gilde der Wachm\'e4nner zu verbieten und alle Wachdienste aufzul\'f6sen. Dann kam das Verbot des privaten Waffenbesitzes und \endash tragens hinzu. Und schlie\'dflich wurden in einer gro\'df
 angelegten S\'e4uberungsaktion s\'e4mtliche lokale \'84Gr\'f6\'dfen\'93 wie Ramirez, Bafford, Donal, Reuben und andere angegriffen und ihre Anwesen dem Erdboden gleichgemacht. Ihre Bewohner sind seitdem verschwunden 
und wurden auch nie wieder in der Stadt gesehen.............
\par 
\par Doch nicht \'fcberall konnten sich die Mechanisten durchsetzen. In einigen Stadtteilen regte sich massiver Widerstand und es zeigte sich, dass trotz Waffenverbot die Arsenale gut gef\'fcllt waren. Die Mechanisten mussten sich zur\'fcckziehen und f\'fc
hrten den Terror in dem von ihnen beherrschten Gebiet fort. All diejenigen, die vor den Mechanisten flohen, waren pl\'f6tzlich wie vom Erdboden verschluckt, so dass das Ger\'fccht \'fcber einen verborgenen Zufluchtsort unter der Stadt, in den sich die Fl
\'fcchtlinge zur\'fcckziehen konnten, umging. Ebenso gab es Ger\'fcchte \'fcber eine geheimnisvolle Organisation, deren Mitglieder Experten in Spionage, Infiltration, Mord und speziellen Kampfmethoden sein sollen. Ihr Untergrundkrieg 
gegen die Mechanisten verl\'e4uft anscheinend sehr erfolgreich.......
\par 
\par Dies alles ist auch General Morbid zu Ohren gekommen und er verh\'e4ngte deswegen ein \'f6ffentliches Versammlungsverbot und eine n\'e4chtliche Ausgangssperre. Um die Situation unter Kontrolle zu bekommen, erlie\'df er die Befehle f\'fc
r den Einsatz der ber\'fcchtigten Mech-Spezialkr\'e4fte, die im Namen von Karras und dem Erbauer ihre S\'e4uberungsaktionen durchf\'fchren.
\par 
\par In dieser chaotischen Situation taucht pl\'f6tzlich ein Bote bei Garrett auf, um eine Botschaft der H\'fcter zu \'fcberbringen. Es geht um das \'84Buch der Prophezeiung\'93, welches aus der Bibliothek der H\'fc
ter verschwunden ist. Wer dieses Buch besitzt, k\'f6nnte die Geschicke der Stadt zu seinen Gunsten lenken.........
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Spielinformation*
\par 
\par Spiel\tab \tab \tab :\tab Dark Project 2 - The Metal Age
\par Titel der Mission\tab :\tab Das Buch der Prophezeiung - Teil 1  (Toter Briefkasten)
\par Dateiname       \tab :\tab miss20.mis
\par Schwierigkeitsgrade\tab :           Normal, Hart, Experte
\par Ausr\'fcstungsladen\tab :\tab Nein
\par Karte\tab \tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Autokarte\tab \tab :\tab Nein
\par Neue Texturen\tab :\tab Ja
\par Neue Sounds\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Neue Objekte\tab \tab :\tab Ja
\par Mehrsprachig\tab \tab :\tab Ja, Englisch und Deutsch
\par Briefing\tab \tab :\tab Nein
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Konstruktion*
\par 
\par Basis\tab \tab \tab :\tab Wird an anderer Stelle erw\'e4hnt
\par Bauzeit                        :\tab ca. 7 Monate
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par Wichtige Bemerkungen und Hinweise :
\par 
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par Credits:
\par 
\par Rob Hicks f\'fcr Dromed Deluxe, MadBull#34 f\'fcr den .str-Converter, Dainem f\'fcr\'b4s Textediting, von.Eins f\'fcr die deutsche \'dcbersetzung des Dromed-Tutorials und meril f\'fcr die Betabase
\par 
\par f\'fcr neue Objekte/Mesh: Schwaa, von.Eins, Daemonite, Ernie, Rob Hicks, Nameless Voice und Alun Bestor
\par > www.washboardabs.net/thief/
\par 
\par f\'fcr neue Texturen: Dhin, Majic, Texturen aus dem "Night Falcon", Alun Bestor >www.washboardabs.net/thief/ und Texturen von local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/texture_color/ (f\'fcr Dromed modifiziert)
\par 
\par Betatester: Anne, Valen, MH.TheFreak, fibanocci, Neferure, K.I.F.T., Raven
\par 
\par F\'fcr die englische Version: intruder f\'fcr die \'dcbersetzung ins Englische sowie Nightwalker und Bernie f\'fcr die Textkorrektur
\par 
\par .....und BIOHAZARD f\'fcr ihren Rap-beeinflussten Hardcore.....
\par 
\par ...und all diejenigen, die mir im Forum mit Rat und Tat zur Seite standen, sowie diejenigen, die ich verga\'df hier aufzulisten.
\par }{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Loading Information*
\par 
\par Darkloader Ready.  DO NOT UNZIP THIS FILE!!
\par ==================================================================================================
\par 
\par *Copyright Information*
\par 
\par This level is }{\f3\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057 \'e3}{\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057  by Schattengilde 31th December 2007
\par Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.
\par This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.
\par ==================================================================================================
\par }}