{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1040\deflangfe1040\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset238{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CE;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset238{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman CE;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset238 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Dark Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset238 Tahoma;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f9\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang2057\b\f0\fs24\par
\pard\qc\lang1045\f1\fs56 Forgotten Tomb\par
\par
\lang1033\f2\fs28 NewDark 1.23\lang1045\f3  (or higher)\lang1033\f2  \lang2057 is required\lang1045\f3 .\lang2057\f0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\fs24\par
\par
Author: \lang1045\f1 Kurhhan\lang2057\f0\par
Contact info: \lang1045\f1 seb066@o2.pl\lang2057\f0\par
Date of release: \lang1045\f1 02\lang2057\f0 /\lang1045\f1 12\lang2057\f0 /201\lang1045\f1 6\lang2057\f0  \par
Version: 1.0\par
\pard\qc\fs20\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Story:\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard\keep\sa240\qc\f4 The action takes place long after the events of Thief 2.\fs22\par
\fs24 Times are hard now for\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 people of my profession.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 The City Watch\lang1045\f5  along\lang2057\f4  with the new Sheriff\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 are more powerful and effective than ever.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 The Keepers keep quiet, The Mechanists are long gone, as are the Hammerites. To pay the rent I must seek\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 opportunities at the outskirts of the City.\par
As it happens, Basso came into possession of an old Hammerite map. The old paper reveals the location of a long forgotten tomb\lang1045\f5 , \lang2057\f4 far away in the Dark Forest.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 It seems this tomb served as the final resting place for fallen \lang1045\f5 g\lang2057\f4 uards from various posts scattered among the Forest.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 There may also be the remains of a number of Priests, and it could even a contain a chamber for a High Priest who died in unexplained circumstances in this region.\lang1045\f5  H\lang2057\f4 ere is a opportunity to find a lot of gold and goods in the tomb. I have to take a chance, life in the City is hard these days. I only hope that the tomb has not collapsed and that I can find a way in.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 A dangerous and long journey awaits. I have to be well prepared.\par
...\par
Damn, I was ambushed by Forest's Burricks. I've lost some of the equipment. Luckily, the holy water vial \lang1045\f5 is\lang2057\f4  safe.\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4 They are almost impossible to find in these unholy times. I have a feeling that without\lang1045\f5  it\lang2057\f4  I will never enter the tomb or get out alive.\par
...\par
Hmm, finally I'm near the spot marked \lang1045\f5 by the\lang2057\f4  map. Burricks are still on my track but I will be fine. Time to get down to the real work.\par
\f2\fs32\par
\b Gameplay Notes\par
\lang1045\b0\f5\fs24 - \lang2057\f4 This mission \lang1045\f5 requires\lang2057\f4  NewDark v1.23 or higher.\par
\lang1045\f5 - Make sure that "sun_runtime_obj_shadows" command is enabled in cam_ext.cfg.\par
- If you have not done this before, copy "small_portal_repel" command (without the quotes) to the cam_ext.cfg file.\par
- \lang2057\f4 As a precaution disable\lang1033  all\lang2057  enhancement packs.\b\par
\lang1045\b0\f5 - \lang2057\f4 This mission requires \lang1033 some\lang2057  interaction between objects in your inventory and objects in the world. If an object moves out in front of you when you frob it from inventory, it probably has such a use, typically\lang1045\f5  it\lang2057\f4  will be used on an object in the world which highlights but appears to do nothing when you frob it\lang1045\f5  individually\lang2057\f4 .\b\par
\lang1045\b0\f5 - \lang2057\f4 It's possible that\lang1045\f5  the\lang2057\f4  frame\lang1045\f5 -\lang2057\f4 rate might be low on slower systems in\lang1033  the\lang2057  first scene (many high poly objects).\par
\par
\lang1033\b\f2\fs32 Known Bugs\par
\lang1045\f3 - \b0\f5\fs24 Sun_runtime_obj_shadows bug (1.23) in the first scene.\par
- Sometimes when using rope, random sounds appear.\lang2057\f4\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Play Information\b0\f6\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\tx5040\fs24                                                                                    \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\lang1045\f5                                      \lang2057\f4 Game\fs20 :\lang1045\f5                                  \lang2057\f4\fs24 Thief 2:\fs20  \fs24 The Metal Age\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 Level Names\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5                         \fs24 Forgotten Tomb\lang2057\f4\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 File names\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5                         \lang2057\f4\fs24 miss20.mis\par
\lang1045\f5                                      \lang2057\f4 Difficulty Settings\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5             \fs24 No / Two endings\lang2057\f4\par
\lang1045\f5                                      \lang2057\f4 Equipment store\fs20 :\lang1045\f5                   \lang2057\f4\fs24 No\par
\lang1045\f5                                      \lang2057\f4 Map/Automap\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5             \lang2057\f4\fs24 No\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 New graphics\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5             \lang2057\f4\fs24 Yes\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 New sounds\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5                        \lang2057\f4\fs24 Yes\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 New models\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5                        \lang2057\f4\fs24 Yes\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 EAX Support\fs20 :\lang1045\f5  \lang2057\f4\tab\lang1045\f5             \fs24 No\lang2057\f4\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 Multi language support\fs20 :\tab\fs24 English\fs20\par
\lang1045\f5\fs24                                      \lang2057\f4 Briefing\fs20 :\tab\lang1045\f5                         \lang2057\f4\fs24 No\f6\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\fs20\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Construction\b0\f6\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\tx3600\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx3600\tx3601\lang1045\f5\fs24                                          \lang2057\f4 Base:\lang1045\f5                   \lang2057\f4 From scratch\par
\lang1045\f5                                          \lang2057\f4 Map Size:\lang1045\f5             Small\lang2057\f4\par
\lang1045\f5                                          \lang2057\f4 Build Time:\tab\lang1045\f5  About 200h\lang2057\f6\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\fs20\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Textures Credits\b0\f6\fs20\par
\par
\lang1045\f7\fs24 Xorak\lang2057\f8\par
\lang1045\f7 Gecko\lang2057\f8\par
\lang1045\f7 EP 2.0\lang2057\f8\par
\lang1045\f7 Necrobob\par
Zappen\par
Purgator\par
Team COSAS\par
Cgtextures\lang2057\f8\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Creators of Objects\b0\f6\fs20\par
\par
\lang1045\f7\fs24 Vurt\par
Gecko\par
EP 2.0\par
Necrobob\par
Daraan\par
Vigil\par
Yandros\par
Nicked\par
Shwaa\par
Eshaktaar\par
R Soul\par
PinkDot\par
Team COSAS\par
Soul Tear\par
Nielsen74\par
Elvis\par
\lang2057\f8 JasonOtto\par
\lang1045\f7 Saturnine\par
Sensut\par
TDBonko\par
Christine\par
Targa\par
\par
Shadowspawn (motion)\par
\par
First time appearing in FMs, ancient holy vial by Soul Tear.\lang2057\f8\par
\f6\fs20\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Music\b0\f6\fs20\par
\par
\f4\fs24 Vagrant Story: Original Soundtrack\par
\lang1045\f5 Composed, Arranged & Produced by Hitoshi Sakimoto\par
\par
Thief Gold HDMOD\lang2057\f6\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f8\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx720\f6\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\tx720\b\f2\fs32 Sound Effects\par
\par
\lang1033\b0\f4\fs24 Thief Gold\par
\lang1045\f5 Rune\par
Doom\par
\par
\par
\lang1033\b\f2\fs32 Script\par
\par
\lang1040\b0\f4\fs24 Nameless Voice\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Texts corrections \par
\par
\lang1033\b0\f4\fs24 Fortuni\lang1040\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\tx851\tx6096\par
\par
\par
\lang2057\b\f2\fs32 Beta Testers\ul\b0\f9\par
\b\fs24\par
\lang1045\ulnone\b0\f7 Fortuni\lang2057\f8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1045\f7 Cardia\par
FireMage\par
\par
\lang2057\f8 Peter Smith\lang1045\f7  (Beta 1.0)\lang2057\f8\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\f2\fs32 Special Thanks to\b0\f9\fs20\par
\par
\lang1045\f7\fs24 A\lang2057\f8 ll the \lang1045\f7 great\lang2057\f8  people at the TTLG Forums.\lang1045\f7  Especially from The Editors' Guild for many advices.\par
\par
\lang2057\f4 Creators of \lang1045\f5 o\lang2057\f4 bjects\lang1045\f5 .\par
\par
Good friend Fortuni. Always there for good word.\par
\par
Soul Tear for many things.\par
\par
Tannar for Shalebridgecradle, R Soul for GoalMaster, Yandros and Juliusz (PinkDot) for advices.\par
\par
\par
\par
\lang2057\b\f2\fs32 Copyright Information\par
\par
\b0\f8\fs24 This level was made by \lang1045\f7 Kurhhan.\lang2057\f9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Distribution of this level is allowed as long as it is free and the package is kept intact. You may not include this level to any map pack without my permission. No one may edit this mission or modify it in any way.\par
\par
This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos Interactive.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f9\fs20\par
}
 