{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red220\green35\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\lang7\b\f0\fs24 (F\'fcr deutsch bitte nach unten bl\'e4ttern !)\line\par
\cf0\lang1033 =============================================================\par
Release 1.1\tab\tab :\tab\b0 06/22/2012\par
\pard\b Beta 0.9c\tab\b0\tab :\tab 06/04/2011\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b =============================================================\par
Author\tab\tab :\tab\b0 3mdrin\par
\pard\b Missionname\tab\tab :\tab\b0 Fortress Valth\par
\b Filename\tab\tab :\tab\b0 Festung Valth 1.1\lang1031\par
\cf2\lang1033\b Version\tab  \tab : \tab\b0 1.1\cf0\lang1031\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\b\par
Homepage\tab\tab :\tab\lang255 http://www.wix.com/creationprojects/msgolds\lang1031\b0                                                                     \tab\tab\tab\tab\fs20 (Here you\'b4re can find more information about my upcoming project)\fs24\par
\pard\cf4\lang1033\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Description:\par
\b0\fs22\par
\fs24 Just recently I happened to learn about a small hammerite outpost where precious ore used to be digged up until not long ago. Unfortunately most of the ore resources are exhausted by now, but since the death of sergeant Cutley's father I suspect some treasures there which are no longer needed. The route leads through an old underground city from which little else should be left then a few walls. Cutley's father used to travel quite a lot and probably brought a couple of treasures into his possession. Among them is an old artifact which he was known to always keep along with him and that he took into his grave. That would be the perfect bauble for one of my fences, wouldn't it? But there is something that catches my interest even more: an old globe. Only this specific globe indicates a secret island where there is believed to be a very big treasure . . . which has never been found so far. Cutley himself is not much of an adventurer and is starting to evacuate the outpost. The few guards which are still left should not be much of a problem . . . and if I want to seek what Cutley's father has not been able to find, then the globe MUST find it's way into my hands!\par
\pard\lang1031\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\fs22\par
\pard Additional information\par
\fs24\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs22 Game\tab\tab\tab :\b0\tab Thief 2: The Metal Age\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs22 Map size\tab\tab :\b0\tab small\fs24\par
\b\fs22 Construction time\tab :\b0\tab about 4 weeks altogether\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\b\fs22 Construction\tab\tab :\b0\tab This map was snoozing on my USB stick for about 2 years until I happened to find it again in February 2011 and decided to complete it. \lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22\par
\b Update, one year later:\par
\b0\par
\cf2 Changes between version 0.9c and 1.1\par
\cf0\par
- added an additional  mission objective\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - implemented 3 different difficulty levels\par
- some textures got replaced\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - some new areas have been added\par
- the texts and readables have been reworked\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - dropped the AVI video\par
- general improvements on the level\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - a key is hidden in a different place then it was before ;)\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - english translation added\par
\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 Known Bugs\par
\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 - In some parts of the map the sounds can be a bit odd\line\line\b Thanks to \b0\par
\par
\b gnartsch\b0  - translation\par
the\b  ttlg.de \b0 community\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
\pard =============================================================\fs24\par
\fs22 * Copyright Information *\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang1033\par
\fs22\'a9 by Tom R.\par
\fs24\par
Copying and redistribution is allowed only with permission from the author! Selling is strictly forbidden!\lang1031\par
\par
\lang1033\fs22 This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos \par
\pard\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brdrcf5\brsp40 Interactive.\line\lang7 =============================================================\lang1033\par
\pard\lang1031\fs24\par
\lang7\fs22\line\lang1031\fs24\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\lang7\b (DEUTSCH)\par
\cf0 =============================================================\par
\lang1031 Release\tab\tab :\tab\b0 05/12/2012\par
\pard\b Erster Release\tab\b0\tab :\tab 06/04/2011\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b =============================================================\par
Autor\tab\tab\tab :\tab\b0 3mdrin\par
\pard\b Missionsname\tab :\tab\b0 Festung Valth\par
\b Dateiname\tab\tab :\tab\b0 Festung Valth 1.1\par
\cf2\b Version\tab  \tab : \tab\b0 1.1\cf0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Homepage\tab\tab :\tab\lang255 http://www.wix.com/creationprojects/msgolds\lang1031\b0                                              \tab\tab\tab\fs20\tab (Hier k\'f6nnt ihr mehr \'fcber mein kommendes Projekt erfahren)\cf4\fs24\par
\cf0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Beschreibung:\par
\b0\fs22\par
\fs24 Ich habe vor kurzem von einem kleines Au\'dfenposten der Hammeriten erfahren in dem vor einiger Zeit noch nach wertvollem Erz gesucht worden ist. Leider soll dort bereits gr\'f6\'dftenteils alles abgebaut worden sein, aber durch den Tod von Sergeant Cutleys Vater vermute ich dort einige Sch\'e4tze die nicht mehr gebraucht werden. Der Weg dorthin f\'fchrt durch eine alte Unterirdische Stadt von der nicht mehr als ein paar Mauern stehen sollten. Cutleys Vater ist viel gereist und hat den ein oder anderen Schatz gehortet. Unter anderem ein altes Artefakt das er bis ins Grab bei sich getragen hat. Das w\'e4re doch ein perfektes Spielzeug f\'fcr einen meiner Hehler oder? Was mich aber noch viel mehr interessiert ist ein alter Globus. Nur auf diesem einem Globus ist eine geheime Insel verzeichnet und dort soll es einen sehr gro\'dfen Schatz geben . . . der aber bis heute nicht gefunden worden ist. Cutley selbst h\'e4lt nicht viel von Abenteuern und r\'e4umt den Posten langsam. Die wenigen verbliebenen Wachen sollten kaum ein Problem darstellen . . . und wenn ich nach dem suchen will, was Cutleys Vater nicht gefunden hat wird der Globus in meine H\'e4nde geh\'f6ren M\'dcSSEN!\par
\pard\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\pard Weitere Informationen\par
\fs24\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs22 Spiel\tab\tab\tab :\b0\tab Thief 2: The Metal Age\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs22 Kartengr\'f6\'dfe\tab\tab :\b0\tab Klein\fs24\par
\b\fs22 Bauzeit\tab\tab\tab :\b0\tab Insgesamt etwa 4 Wochen\fs24\par
\b\fs22 Bauinformationen\tab :\b0\tab Diese Map lag etwa 2 Jahre lang auf einen USB Stick bis ich sie Februar 2011 wiedergefunden habe und schlie\'dflich doch vollendet habe. \par
\fs24\par
\b\fs22 Update ein Jahr sp\'e4ter.\par
\b0\par
\cf2\'c4nderungen von Version 0.9c zu 1.1\par
\cf0\par
-Ein zus\'e4tzliches Missionsziel\par
-Es gibt nun 3 verschiedene Schwierigkeitsgrade\fs24\par
\fs22 -Teilweise neue Texturierung\line -Einige neue Bereiche\fs24\par
\fs22 -\'dcberarbeitung der Texte und Schriften\par
-Video entfernt\par
-Allgemeine Verbesserungen am Level\line -Schl\'fcssel neu versteckt ;)\fs24\par
\fs22 -Englische \'dcbersetzung\fs24\par
\par
\fs22 Bekannte Bugs\par
\fs24\par
\fs22 -Teilweise kann der Sound ein wenig seltsam sein\par
\par
\b Besten Dank an\b0\par
\par
\b gnartsch\b0  - \'dcbersetzung\par
die \b ttlg.de \b0 Community\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \par
\pard =============================================================\fs24\par
\fs22 * Copyright Information *\fs24\par
\par
\fs22\'a9 by Tom R.\par
\fs24\par
\fs22 Vervielf\'e4ltigung und Versendung nur mit Angabe des Autors erlaubt! Der Verkauf ist verboten!\par
\fs24\par
\fs22 This level was not made and is not supported by Looking Glass Studios or Eidos \par
Interactive.\par
\lang7 =============================================================\par
}
 